generally defined
generally defined
both possible
following sources
society without
authority whether
being free
every human
order based
producing real
real social
really stands
social order
accept her
follow either
her enemies
must turn
she will
so far
think she
turn either
every sphere
both state
central committee
fight against
shows opposition
them fight
against authority
animal society
customs without
destroy authority
free agreement
social customs
activity would
already now
extension so
greater extension
human activity
natural social
now begin
social philosophy
still greater
would take
often considered
similar dual
supporting anything
always included
always included
distinction between
general options
important distinction
we must
what we
our will
socialist versus
greatest individual
individual really
well speak
go hand
mass social
social movement
thus creates
word take
being primarily
founding member
nevertheless did
trade union
widely read
action des
et action
including violent
while others
almost exclusively
common outside
sense until
still common
took up
word originated
6th century
even though
ideas developed
particular section
very relevant
later centuries
various sources
act through
being open
doing without
everything you
follow our
helps us
our own
own way
those built
become incorporated
life close
next group
possible signs
simple life
whose concern
change toward
introduced similar
social change
sometimes considered
complex relationship
relationship regarding
traditions creating
17th century
political power
produces crime
secular revolt
social measures
various authors
19th century
call himself
class struggle
classical 19th
economic power
emerged perhaps
equivalent philosophy
identified political
radical groups
basic elements
common land
communities based
set up
small movement
up communities
developed what
even though
initial negative
religious thought
above arguments
describe himself
doctrine now
existing political
found much
himself attributed
ideas developed
instead credits
now known
political institutions
call him
describe himself
allied himself
carried out
change ended
experienced brief
groups carried
her labor
out nationalist
reaction followed
systematic change
ten countries
conservative elements
diverse revolutionary
divided groups
elements took
prevent further
took advantage
get involved
small property
unsuccessful participation
allied themselves
socialist sections
leaders would
passed almost
simply take
special conference
split away
taken place
would simply
briefly ruled
directed against
sections formed
split between
any moment
associated labour
heavily influenced
labour beginning
latter murdered
reforms initiated
notable contribution
public services
broke out
fight broke
fire upon
opened fire
party near
police opened
unknown party
workers died
would become
four workers
least four
opened fire
police opened
became international
eight hour
fifth committed
incident became
international political
men became
secondary purpose
suicide prior
workers killed
generally considered
important figures
particular concerning
significant event
any particular
central debate
debate concerned
latter thought
must always
professional union
relation between
would create
million members
special importance
working class
became active
early 1920s
extent responsible
great extent
grew quickly
industrial workers
million workers
quickly became
revolutionary organization
assassination attempts
both within
carried out
violent acts
clearly meant
economic terrorism
famous group
practice emerged
collective revolutionary
could do
do very
example through
important figures
labor movement
structure based
thus wrote
very well
well without
abandoned city
executed roughly
few successful
number higher
political expression
recent war
roughly 20,000
those killed
took power
found itself
itself strong
key factor
others fled
places like
ruled out
strong enough
till 1880
between 1881
image remains
political organization
widespread distribution
falling out
participated alongside
political falling
vast majority
amongst those
driven underground
charged me
critic further
further charged
result would
state would
would become
wrote accounts
1864 1943
am certain
did serious
serious damage
active participation
certain features
even though
important leadership
leadership positions
positions within
stated goals
uprising known
varying degrees
events known
trade union
certain towns
de los
active today
groups active
today include
contemporary global
form found
key role
principle behind
came close
attempted coup
class responded
coup causing
former ruling
front electoral
helped bring
initially refused
popular front
right wing
ruling class
supporters led
trade union
transport services
votes helped
wing election
large areas
took control
even before
events known
losing ground
military aid
principles throughout
put under
throughout various
various portions
widespread implementation
areas became
eight million
million people
participated directly
people participated
run through
vast scale
works critical
y la
forces inside
large national
legally create
national organization
now working
permitted them
de la
group led
important literary
renamed itself
became influential
black mirror
weekly paper
both sides
conventional wing
fact if
important contribution
peace movement
war under
against nuclear
campaign against
nuclear weapons
well documented
earlier gen
linked up
popular interest
prominent part
western nations
direct action
important models
largely outside
like those
long before
offered models
always formally
became so
called themselves
political science
principles became
science professor
she saw
so widespread
what she
among radical
conference held
movement along
political protest
state power
three existing
employment crisis
military base
movements like
autonomous haven
century drew
drew much
late 20th
mid 20th
second wave
19th century
21st century
between generations
often still
st historian
became known
m grew
protests against
significant event
1999 protest
around 100,000
existence include
movement today
movements include
union membership
claiming 2,000
revolutionary industrial
19th century
achieve one's
created throughout
main historical
one's potential
social wing
while those
citizens do
component especially
created since
those created
18th century
beliefs common
laws conflict
reaction against
alone produce
before taking
form associated
labour movements
movements before
where order
without central
allied himself
alone produce
between ideal
concerning ultimate
distinguished between
heavily involved
ideal political
industrial functions
once industrial
promoted certain
statements concerning
then business
theoretical statements
workers movements
above what
cost being
earned will
exact pay
individual will
services equivalent
situated between
so much
system would
then get
will receive
without profit
would receive
any kinds
moral doctrine
several traditions
thought within
another way
anything except
simply another
single philosophy
basis opposed
become increasingly
opposed revolutionary
revolutionary action
would become
founding text
influential form
obtain what
without r
actual property
extend my
let me
me claim
might reaches
my might
property everything
society does
strong enough
support through
union between
will foster
prominent early
usually considered
weekly paper
widely regarded
best known
civil government
early influence
important early
individual resistance
countries attracted
different countries
diverse following
early influences
influential publication
issues related
y la
de la
en el
personal y
sector de
un sector
o el
sexual o
en ce
force du
what came
any government
democratic control
government authority
largest school
public ownership
without any
ideas means
individual very
achieved through
commonly associated
goods being
group through
paid according
private ownership
receiving goods
revolutionary form
through violent
our answer
while our
distribution according
free organization
held out
universal rebellion
e revolution
possession remains
private ownership
things you
your watch
72 pages
available here
consumption based
each according
horizontal network
best social
social system
strongly influenced
economic freedom
freedom better
greatest individual
individual development
opposition between
well speak
accept them
against human
few hours
ideas develop
individual revolt
made between
society will
struggle against
best k
developed out
importance later
radical socialist
took importance
any single
communist society
established around
exist today
major influence
organizations became
single factor
worldwide attention
before being
combined forces
1919 before
basic principles
before being
being conquered
potential force
trade union
action concentrated
affect them
allow workers
eventually form
struggle against
will eventually
contrary concepts
drawing upon
important force
major role
prominent contemporary
still plays
upon various
various labor
voice within
led eventually
movement based
contemporary global
principle behind
19th century
century writings
late 19th
de la
main contemporary
thought within
whose main
social change
active resistance
distance itself
diverse ideas
ideas including
move towards
recent form
theoretical move
thought drawing
any substantial
controversial subject
please add
subject among
substantial information
19th century
any number
complex relationships
criticized within
among different
between various
certain topics
different use
do so
identical terms
internal disputes
issues r
others do
terms among
various schools
while others
widely different
current within
direct expression
early 20th
free love
important current
roots back
sexual freedom
viewed sexual
free love
love journal
marriage laws
encouraged playing
prominent among
promoted free
between 8
de la
language journal
love before
newspaper called
nine times
take up
free love
love within
struggle against
change would
dedicated treatment
du corps
main means
sex manual
advanced alternative
alternative education
any form
ideal species
ideology transmitted
obvious alliance
species through
state sponsored
transmitted through
education called
long essay
possibly under
we would
form themselves
love journal
prominent figures
themselves each
whose purpose
educational system
stated goal
system controlled
y la
considerable influence
country where
experimental techniques
ion free
educational experiments
another just
between education
culture under
difference between
forced upon
founding what
just like
make another
then instruction
those subjects
what became
free schools
often cited
consumer society
illustrated throughout
whole rather
dedicated pages
historical documents
information relating
large online
largest online
online collection
virtual library
article regularly
external link
far beyond
link portion
outside link
anything you
boy facing
editing medical
explicitly cited
facing away
medical articles
put here
six food
writers use
you put
apparent before
become apparent
behavior occasionally
criteria require
information processing
occasionally associated
recognized disorders
symptoms become
three years
cause birth
cognitive development
common genetic
full set
proposed environmental
strong genetic
strongly associated
1,000 people
partly due
per 1,000
whether actual
cognitive intervention
cultural aspects
highly variable
individuals seeking
live independently
notice signs
reported cases
usually notice
although often
become established
continue through
course without
generally follows
gradually begin
individual symptoms
restricted interests
symptoms gradually
teaching us
apparent early
becomes apparent
described her
development becomes
general population
leaving her
often lack
people take
sharp line
approach others
exhibit social
less attention
others less
show less
simple movements
take turns
use simple
higher mental
less severe
mental development
67 children
data suggest
few systematic
limited data
n belief
committed violent
daily communication
develop enough
enough natural
national study
natural speech
violent crimes
attention seem
joint attention
less frequent
often integrated
vocal patterns
communication development
developing symbols
hand instead
spectrum disorders
adults better
basic language
children aged
complex language
equally well
groups performed
performed equally
studies suggest
up initially
bed behind
closely associated
head visible
young boy
behavior seems
includes movements
point affected
single television
spectrum disorders
study reported
four parent
nine professional
paper represents
parent organizations
show unusual
spectrum disorders
show superior
superior skills
considered core
core features
critical review
do we
good evidence
we know
what do
behavior occurs
eating behavior
motor signs
spectrum disorders
critical review
h eating
studies report
consensus report
higher levels
less conflict
relationship between
disorders across
greater risk
life course
restricted interests
social interactions
spectrum disorders
symptoms do
coming decade
often called
several signs
share several
describes individuals
often called
behavior spectrum
boundaries between
necessarily somewhat
why success
genetic disorders
how much
individual requires
much support
clinical contribution
contribution towards
perform better
spectrum disorder
syndrome tend
children due
distinction remains
partial update
spectrum disorders
boundaries between
help identify
spectrum disorders
systems approaches
common cause
complex disorder
core aspects
disorder whose
distinct causes
people versus
red activity
using genetics
whose core
adjacent copies
common genetic
strong genetic
among multiple
interactions among
rare variants
spectrum disorders
any particular
family members
large number
small effects
variations associated
closely related
emerging role
evidence point
replacement studies
spectrum disorders
those involved
brain development
eight weeks
environmental causes
strong evidence
very early
include certain
become aware
child around
latter theory
controlled childhood
lower rates
previously controlled
scientific evidence
theories lack
between brain
brain structures
diagram shows
just above
lower diagram
major brain
processes associated
recent research
symptoms result
upper diagram
various systems
common molecular
disorders caused
few disorders
functional brain
known whether
large set
brain development
distributed disorder
mechanism includes
significantly influenced
strongly suggest
areas underlying
brain areas
causes local
children tend
grow faster
higher cognitive
key brain
known whether
molecular bases
ways out
whether early
cognitive disease
begin early
critical periods
explain why
possibly part
always present
comprehensive review
known whether
spectrum disorders
do we
genetic differences
relationship between
where do
1000 studies
common identified
data suggest
genetic cause
identified genetic
possible implications
probably account
recent reports
studies published
another animal
behavior via
brain bases
core features
multiple roles
between reduced
core circuit
brain viewed
control group
different areas
green region
human brain
individuals tend
movement task
normal performance
region where
task compared
theoretical approach
theory does
use different
brain differ
differ depending
doing social
low function
network involved
reduced functional
specific pattern
study found
systematic review
executive function
function task
further evidence
evidence suggests
functional connections
mainly within
ordered complex
weak functional
within each
considerable evidence
electrical activity
several studies
studies based
found between
research showed
spectrum disorders
baby boys
develop internal
events inside
extreme male
handle events
handling events
internal rules
less effective
links between
major categories
male brain
critical review
mind hypothesis
somewhat related
behavior results
complex social
data suggests
maps well
people's basic
second category
system theory
core executive
eye movement
indicate improvement
late childhood
never reaches
performance never
reaches typical
spectrum disorders
typical adult
big picture
cognitive style
executive function
limited ability
locally oriented
spectrum disorders
combined theory
eight principles
give up
map well
single explanation
theories map
early diagnosis
meet any
single words
children whose
clinical setting
initial data
months suggests
possible signs
recognize possible
tools include
whose families
24 months
diverse society
eye contact
like eye
spectrum disorders
tools designed
least six
six symptoms
age three
either social
include lack
symptoms include
uses essentially
uses observation
academic planning
account any
aid diagnosis
any associated
factors using
often asked
spectrum disorders
stage might
allows clinical
already suggest
done once
often done
spectrum disorders
symptoms already
technology allows
copy number
developed several
genetic tests
issues will
social issues
use test
although diagnosis
becomes increasingly
completed diagnosis
diagnosis becomes
do so
few years
increasingly stable
less likely
spectrum disorders
though few
three years
among children
average age
begin early
children remained
family understand
far above
help them
identification among
study found
benefit me
drug treatment
increasing popularity
likely due
recent increase
spectrum disorders
treatment options
current questions
future research
main goals
particularly hard
partly because
young child
clinical systematic
educational system
increase quality
main resources
single treatment
systematic review
clinical results
help children
little evidence
spectrum disorders
age three
approaches include
around age
often improve
three years
between what
gap between
intellectual performance
known whether
significant improvements
varying degrees
whether treatment
young children
adult residential
current debate
debate among
education population
general education
including children
limited research
model treatment
programs shows
residential programs
shows mixed
spectrum disorders
treatment approach
among children
classes being
common drug
drug classes
spectrum disorders
treatment options
use among
reliable research
spectrum disorder
core symptoms
specific rare
alternative medicine
critical update
spectrum disorders
evidence appears
intervention practices
matter less
programs focus
study found
success measures
someone born
spectrum disorder
average lifetime
extra education
family financial
lifetime cost
lost economic
supported programs
among families
annual income
average loss
care problems
employment among
family income
greatly affect
higher probability
issues associated
problems will
related study
spectrum disorders
study found
will greatly
education programs
funded education
health insurance
include residential
increasingly require
issues include
job training
key treatment
private health
publicly funded
require private
spectrum disorders
treatment issues
age 5
communication skills
developed communication
how often
known how
occurs sometimes
often recovery
reported rates
adults show
become less
core difficulties
difficulties tend
employment opportunities
future employment
less severe
often become
studies address
symptoms often
50 found
68 adults
before age
considerable support
high level
language before
needed considerable
spectrum disorders
120 individuals
48 young
78 adults
high level
very limited
young adults
1,000 children
cases per
chart versus
children grew
early intervention
effective early
intervention make
per 1,000
ranging through
spectrum disorders
through poor
unknown how
very good
young adults
6 per
growth came
per 1,000
spectrum disorders
reported cases
available evidence
changing environmental
environmental risk
evidence does
factors cannot
funding toward
greatly modified
higher risk
increase would
real increase
risk factors
rule out
sex ratio
toward changing
would suggest
advanced age
any single
background do
carry genetic
evidence does
known increase
later if
marry later
men marry
older fathers
risk factor
e journal
several genetic
meet criteria
volume editor
wide variation
among children
better explained
common among
spectrum disorders
conditions along
full criteria
often present
rules out
significantly increased
clinical attention
commonly include
early morning
include symptoms
cultural aspects
described long
facing slightly
few examples
long before
reportedly thought
16th century
brother successfully
cast doubt
court case
later critic
medical student
program designed
several signs
showed several
treated him
what did
any influence
defining symptoms
form social
him form
outside becomes
speech via
1943 report
diagnosis until
modern sense
now known
separate diagnosis
various reasons
widely recognized
characteristics described
confused terminology
known whether
still regarded
term independently
terminology like
active programs
genetic role
involving parents
late 1960s
little evidence
separate syndrome
spectrum disorders
affected how
beliefs consistent
health care
how we
parent organizations
parents continue
situations where
still express
we view
another way
community seek
cultural aspects
emotional sharing
find so
form online
given them
online communities
others believe
simply another
so hard
while others
links nor
nor should
relevant category
your link
category using
incident radiation
reflected sun
sun light
surface conditions
various surface
appropriate average
average across
computer graphics
directions according
important concept
locally across
rating systems
usually refers
varies widely
very useful
widely locally
desert areas
far higher
land areas
light range
ocean surface
primarily because
typical materials
visible light
while desert
annual clear
areas around
classic example
clear sky
estimated via
global scale
if snow
mean annual
potentially very
regularly estimated
sky total
total sky
various areas
very large
applications involving
average surface
being completely
completely covered
directly measured
mean temperature
particular solar
radiation cannot
reflected radiation
sample set
surface temperature
temperature due
total amount
any given
being defined
concerned being
important because
proportion concerned
sometimes referred
white sky
any body
astronomical field
atmosphere limit
far objects
gives information
high radar
highest known
ice content
know comes
limit o
major part
outer solar
phase angle
solar system
surface ice
we know
what we
outer solar
small objects
dark surface
astronomical bodies
between astronomical
directly behind
electromagnetic energy
often expressed
solar system
strong opposition
total proportion
actually found
best known
body temperature
increases without
thus allowing
trees tend
varying between
without respect
because snow
could produce
deep snow
forests would
fresh deep
snow does
thereby could
would tend
calculated using
hence leading
light very
water surface
average incident
increased average
off water
th so
usually reach
very low
adding up
any given
exhibit different
look white
near 0
substantial influence
waves look
away under
both direct
heavy commercial
miles away
occupation showed
oil fields
particles act
several miles
study following
temperatures under
thereby change
those created
cause atmospheric
causes atmospheric
increased cloud
population called
precipitation efficiency
radiation causes
reduced precipitation
turn leads
black carbon
electromagnetic waves
global mean
heat transport
regional climate
potential carbon
consisting entirely
earliest certain
8th century
cross line
later times
local varieties
modern capital
n adaptation
resulting letter
variants include
currently represents
left leg
material uses
printed material
represents six
right leg
six different
slowly developed
small loop
then made
closely related
itself frequently
y itself
best grade
capital letter
case letter
letter itself
table does
defend our
monument south
our rights
state symbols
state located
interests dominated
legislature until
major industries
part because
ranks second
rural interests
state legislature
suffered economic
while urban
experienced growth
largest city
multiple military
primarily those
article before
here if
if you
just below
land area
largest city
lived just
main article
members lived
oldest city
total land
upper reaches
whose members
later adopted
significantly between
three accounts
usage appears
varies significantly
word varies
any evidence
find any
names derived
state names
word comes
centers being
continued until
cultures lived
major centers
varying cultures
years before
direct links
major component
primary means
historical tribes
people living
became part
near what
settled near
area making
based out
effectively ending
forces occupied
making up
constitution provided
rapidly arrived
state capital
take advantage
1860 census
around large
built around
census records
erected under
grew largely
large cotton
legislative session
legislature announced
original structure
records show
total population
wealth grew
1851 following
few battles
early years
economy tied
electoral laws
free labor
numerous independent
officially restored
passed electoral
public school
school system
through voting
y poor
black voters
due mostly
registered voters
restrictions resulted
cotton crops
crops due
seek opportunities
border off
growth rate
industrial jobs
just inside
nearly half
northern industrial
population growth
rapid growth
1960s under
development related
economic power
ensure election
federal integration
integration efforts
legislative seats
legislature refused
living outside
maintain political
massive population
old representation
opposed federal
persons living
population changes
seats based
state developed
tax revenue
1960 study
any candidate
civil rights
factors created
majority control
n interests
rights through
state population
study noted
total state
white voters
legislature implemented
population both
urban areas
both houses
neighboring southern
presidential elections
voted increasingly
white voters
won control
creating numerous
descent towards
general descent
land area
large valley
valley creating
extreme southern
southern edge
both land
highest point
land consists
largest county
total land
just south
located just
notable natural
hills just
just east
published evidence
recognized impact
largest city
annual temperature
average annual
northern parts
southern part
far away
growing season
high temperatures
occurs frequently
picture taken
precipitation throughout
southern part
state far
very hot
80 days
between 70
days per
far north
further north
northern parts
ranks seventh
somewhat further
state reports
strikes per
any state
area within
larger area
much larger
peak season
record amount
southern parts
suffered damage
events include
few places
low temperatures
northern part
rare event
severe weather
sometimes referred
spring severe
temperatures around
times every
annual average
going several
highest recorded
low recorded
normal high
record low
recorded temperature
several years
sometimes going
unincorporated community
without any
years without
increase since
births minus
country produced
illegal immigrants
increase since
natural increase
net migration
ancestry groups
any race
largest reported
made up
reported ancestry
ancestry groups
selected ancestry
cases since
ethnic group
identify simply
largest ethnic
making them
probably much
ancestry because
made up
recognized tribes
highest number
state identify
three largest
feel good
rates well
reported having
says we
we feel
counties having
study showed
any state
least likely
national chart
capita income
full release
including automobile
increase came
largest economic
single largest
something here
steel production
various heavy
unemployment rate
between eighth
national cotton
ranks between
economic growth
include iron
steel products
automobile industry
currently ranks
ranks 4th
steel production
country behind
facilities reach
full production
largest steel
manufacturing plant
producing state
reach full
steel producing
third largest
billion providing
ceased production
countries visit
estimated 100,000
formerly operated
future once
once demand
production operations
strong impact
environmental damage
survey environmental
another large
center campus
city still
large bank
largest state
major operations
state government
access company
commercial technology
computer graphics
graphics company
investment management
large investment
major presence
network access
r data
several large
smaller banks
technology companies
turn acquired
almost 800
commercial navigation
forty times
longest constitution
navigation make
roughly forty
world's longest
assembly composed
based upon
changes proposed
constitution highly
current constitution
policy changes
proposed around
significant movement
state must
three equal
both houses
branch include
currently holds
executive branch
simple majority
constitutional offices
highest court
office immediately
offices take
state criminal
take office
5 percent
additional city
amount earned
collection rate
county sales
depending upon
do so
even if
federal income
general sales
if taking
percent personal
personal income
sales tax
so even
total sales
would pay
corporate income
federal poverty
few remaining
income tax
local tax
lowest among
nation's very
poor working
second least
working families
annual budget
constitution requires
current state
elected legislative
executive authority
high variable
largely depends
own elected
raise property
seven counties
state constitution
structure largely
tax structure
usually called
variable budget
get simple
government holds
land use
local policies
sell alcohol
simple local
state legislature
coalition known
federal troops
passed laws
political coalition
process completed
state government
took control
1901 through
1965 did
cases required
court cases
dominated state
election districts
international attention
politics until
population grew
rural minority
state did
became part
political party
state became
before finally
considering running
finally giving
giving up
held any
leave office
nine seats
party efforts
same perception
ten seats
ultimately led
court seats
eight elected
four election
giving them
legislature giving
next three
party strength
state legislature
them control
took large
elected since
generally decided
local offices
rural counties
still held
current split
heavily populated
less populated
populated counties
60 city
67 county
county school
individual schools
presidential election
provide education
schools provide
achievement compared
education system
fourth lowest
high school
largest educational
measures determined
public education
schools made
toward student
using measures
among people
college education
higher education
medical schools
associate degrees
degree programs
five law
largest single
law schools
offer degree
single campus
across four
both founded
largest institution
learning sites
oldest institutions
academic programs
three universities
top 100
universities ranked
including four
professional sports
college football
complex hosts
eighth largest
fifth largest
football team
sixth largest
world's largest
football program
6 leaving
football championship
state football
central west
daily passenger
five major
interstate roads
major interstate
roughly through
west border
completed around
continues east
currently under
east towards
proposed northern
t corner
will connect
overall poor
pass through
public space
ranked among
top five
harbor aerial
links nor
nor should
official site
relevant category
your link
scientific resources
territories established
1st century
body except
central character
died because
conventional view
double meaning
men bring
numerous times
raised numerous
theme raised
4th century
7th century
female form
games often
alternative version
dead across
her son
oil painting
runs through
seen taking
would bear
1st century
brought up
ever going
following psychological
her resistance
make him
marriage bond
never marry
psychological interpretation
surviving previous
would never
abandoned both
another version
any reference
both father
clear if
makes any
put him
sources before
any reference
find description
appointed five
brought great
carrying 50
each carrying
five leaders
great suffering
important theme
wounded shall
afterwards attacked
lost play
might become
neighboring cities
off onto
summary through
dead child
death therefore
found instead
instead himself
story suggested
therefore came
writers treated
central theme
did so
famous narrative
few weeks
return her
speak unless
woman named
battle turned
gain ground
troops alongside
turned against
winning because
back toward
battle wearing
could lead
funeral games
main hall
proper assault
upper level
always seeking
even engaged
face t
fate itself
field killing
great detail
him so
himself took
river god
seeking out
stop running
three times
times before
drive me
eat you
final passage
go down
me now
then got
would drive
you raw
closest companion
7th century
carries off
episode inspired
scholars argued
then formed
any sort
funeral games
give up
private marriage
world's greatest
would mean
began killing
both men
considering both
later killed
left so
men came
thinking them
2nd century
being shown
centuries preserved
coastal city
eventually gave
us eventually
would indeed
classical period
exact nature
intense bond
love debate
often interpreted
both desire
could both
direct evidence
man could
sexual relations
young men
celebrated funeral
lost epic
square temple
took them
because through
distinguished themselves
her son
island named
themselves through
wild animals
because those
bring animals
come here
fly out
return quickly
say still
still read
add something
appear even
ask permission
away any
even d
get them
great quantity
run away
set free
victims chosen
would appear
better anchor
cities whose
commercial port
economic interests
even though
important commercial
maritime cities
north arm
port cities
too far
went out
whose economic
central theme
main hall
modern rather
sovereign rights
summer palace
father's possible
lives among
perhaps under
sources claim
young man
another version
sees through
selling women's
takes up
thus giving
would rather
could therefore
games around
holding games
war against
few lines
give up
lines survive
points out
relationship between
so much
central character
former hero
giving him
great strength
later art
major character
obtain great
those brought
will obtain
major character
concert piece
animated television
famous poem
fourth collection
inherited both
television series
became famous
guest character
least nine
advanced type
battle honour
et la
literary references
7th congressional
1861 until
country through
moral crisis
poor family
promoting economic
successfully led
while ending
efforts toward
political dimensions
took office
war began
without trial
another until
brought leaders
gained control
set up
slavery include
southern river
took control
tried repeatedly
until finally
what would
would become
against each
fought back
opponents against
power issues
quoted speech
reached out
moderate view
six days
three greatest
second child
considerable status
country slave
enjoyed considerable
family attended
high moral
moral standards
own way
sold several
then part
cases because
court cases
family moved
later noted
mainly due
moved north
north across
became very
building rail
considered him
giving birth
hard labor
him until
labor associated
later died
took responsibility
very close
while giving
became increasingly
consisted approximately
done outside
education consisted
elementary education
family moved
father's lack
formal elementary
home until
increasingly distant
part because
public land
until age
better life
ended up
mental health
struck out
took goods
1864 photo
did return
if she
romantic interest
son looks
visiting her
white photo
young son
became engaged
broke off
if she
later met
she ended
wedding set
asked where
couple bought
full household
household duties
income available
limited income
committed her
heart failure
her husband
losing her
mental health
could draw
either slave
eventually sold
general store
local popularity
occasionally visited
partner bought
political career
slave owners
small general
though often
6 election
crowd being
eighth out
finished eighth
man looking
right wearing
top four
300 votes
began teaching
himself law
practice law
second campaign
teaching himself
then decided
votes cast
while reading
won election
both slavery
closely followed
served four
successful lawyer
old line
slavery practical
banned slavery
out against
popular vote
spoke out
territory won
exact spot
national papers
political support
distant territory
effectively ended
job went
offered him
post would
aged clean
al career
come before
could come
county seats
nation's western
photo taken
students around
transportation cases
ultimately represented
appeared before
buy shares
canal boat
case involving
appeared before
corporation retained
criminal trial
less expensive
notable criminal
original train
public interest
railroad company
successfully argued
trial occurred
fact established
politics 1854
rarely raised
still legal
allow slavery
bad because
decision restricted
determine locally
locally whether
primarily because
saw slavery
specified settlers
white people
en route
just influence
our republican
repeated en
republican example
very powerful
even though
others say
support began
never intended
against itself
convention nominated
divided against
government cannot
half slave
house divided
itself cannot
men created
nominated him
speech created
then set
1858 senate
allow slavery
campaign featured
choose whether
contrast both
famous political
having joined
local settlers
senate campaign
candidates won
extend slavery
gave him
issues gave
legislative candidates
national political
prize fight
audience thought
before made
brought him
ever before
front ranks
ground between
intellectual leadership
leaders invited
little use
man ever
middle ground
moral foundation
paper could
party leaders
popular sovereignty
rejected any
repeatedly sought
required opposition
thought him
being carried
event sponsored
held up
my mouth
own state
party organization
political move
campaign team
followers organized
friends promised
frontier days
internal improvements
strong support
supporters adopted
team led
election would
iron interests
national government
put him
rejected claims
supporters rejected
while following
boy could
campaign closely
candidates went
common farm
farm boy
party did
superior power
ultimately selected
went through
campaign literature
sold 100,000
writer produced
16th president
large crowd
still under
under construction
added together
election became
even if
made clear
opponents added
still would
took office
declared themselves
then adopted
death before
did support
every governor
few weeks
looks like
protected slavery
so far
take possession
weeks before
went so
exist among
once again
personal security
placed under
substantial military
under substantial
while existed
living heart
will yet
forces fired
leader agreed
made three
nearly every
call forced
did just
months between
repeated efforts
still existed
vol 5
exposed position
headed south
rail links
so close
south towards
came under
executive control
funds before
immediate executive
overall strategy
put down
saying holding
taking immediate
1864 political
another man
any manner
border slave
cartoon takes
creates money
man creates
northern public
political cartoon
support would
any citizen
bearing arms
both sides
citizen found
command positions
did signal
found bearing
free slaves
martial law
moving too
political support
signal political
too slowly
0 could
1861 threatened
already under
foreign policy
late 1861
merchant ship
necessary nor
policy approach
rebellion would
threatened war
foreign policy
initial reaction
kept close
learn technical
past success
policy matters
reports coming
technical military
because she
editors expected
expected victory
force him
newspaper editors
ride because
victory within
within 90
working too
control strategic
critical need
knew well
several months
took several
political advice
ultimate failure
before being
being engaged
destroyed three
move toward
naval operations
strategic desire
being perceived
forces around
likewise refused
military victory
refused orders
restored him
would issue
offensive across
1862 brought
did especially
especially well
gained votes
losses due
lost votes
military draft
rural areas
severe losses
slaves would
so far
national resources
naval assault
near if
plans included
possibly force
resources without
vol 6
war could
among seven
carried out
clearly understood
decisions would
detailed directions
effectively carried
give detailed
holding documents
laid siege
man holding
military decisions
often continued
orders through
argued before
end slavery
took effect
ways would
would result
action could
could free
court procedures
powers granted
set up
up court
using war
war powers
explicitly refers
highly influential
necessary military
persons held
primary goal
war could
won without
any slave
areas al
collected works
could save
declared free
here stated
leaving others
my purpose
others alone
personal wish
purpose according
stated my
then under
vol 5
would do
armies advanced
continued earlier
earlier plans
few days
governors met
ready under
three million
former slaves
government policy
official government
once observed
raising black
would end
nor long
party support
quoted speech
strong base
we say
what we
will little
1868 painting
democracy would
effort dedicated
four men
national war
now part
slavery would
soldiers would
strong candidate
top commander
asked what
given high
held since
line if
often characterized
draft throughout
extended visit
then made
damage caused
economic ability
rather defeat
saw destruction
strategy allowed
allow any
before you
discuss peace
meetings produced
repeated calls
sole objective
wear down
build support
drop him
off efforts
before turning
campaigns turned
military success
ran under
should lose
spring campaigns
still defeat
asked them
cannot possibly
possibly save
almost completed
large crowd
platform followed
250 years
78 percent
another drawn
blood drawn
both sides
do we
every drop
high casualties
receiving 78
so still
conquered southern
gives us
let us
th charity
elections under
held throughout
political allies
will draw
critical decisions
good old
leadership while
representatives elected
seat representatives
special importance
voters agreed
amendment would
became part
believed would
entire nation
falling short
increased pressure
keep both
paper money
proposed constitutional
slavery throughout
federal government
having believed
limited responsibility
long debate
second attempt
set up
temporary federal
war drew
assigned land
cabinet revealed
immediate material
law assigned
material needs
military control
plan did
three years
any particular
our country's
significant force
without any
gained strength
get out
highly influential
moral basis
national duty
position gained
republican form
strength because
always changing
changing easily
laws while
majority rule
primary responsibility
taken up
true sovereign
1864 granted
agricultural colleges
federal support
granted federal
important legislation
legislation involved
made possible
making millions
very low
become law
economic influence
financial network
flat tax
having become
later changed
law under
national banks
progressive rate
strong financial
another executive
campaign against
considered yet
executive call
false draft
others employed
own personal
personal review
reform federal
t down
yet another
50 years
area now
federal government
largely responsible
now known
presidency 50
1860 election
campaign manager
cannot ask
declared philosophy
if we
made five
man what
must take
should answer
commonwealth declared
involved prior
otherwise involved
political balance
recognized both
state governments
would support
became determined
being shot
never joined
promoted voting
voting rights
state box
wife chose
brief fight
taken across
cities across
city's church
funeral train
train brought
extensively written
frequent use
human mind
language reflected
never joined
own personal
personal beliefs
topics concerning
almost religious
could give
either saved
final victory
having begun
look towards
own need
side any
towards religion
conducted since
him second
legal scholars
placed him
politics ranked
presidential ranking
scholars ranking
study found
three presidents
very top
while legal
assassination made
made him
19th century
brought hope
century until
common man
even white
great war
grew slowly
high point
late 19th
point came
reputation grew
so much
both liberty
laws under
especially regarding
having second
involved abuse
opposed social
toward ill
wide attention
won wide
1996 biography
image suffered
late 20th
aerial photo
east side
large white
public monument
statue erected
three years
toward fact
white building
image began
president includes
large statue
war erected
enormous draw
popular tourist
probably because
remain popular
sites remain
8 vol
4 vol
detailed biography
detailed biography
links nor
nor should
relevant category
your link
documentary editing
editing project
7th congressional
topics related
writers influenced
comprehensive system
founding figures
important founding
shortly before
shown already
writings cover
earliest known
extended well
formal study
influence extended
known formal
late 19th
shaped medieval
theological thinking
though always
ultimately replaced
works contain
academic study
active academic
literary style
now lost
original works
philosophy continue
departure reports
nearly twenty
personal physician
traditional story
twenty years
years before
left before
then traveled
where together
attitude towards
citizens put
royal academy
thing could
toward eastern
young prince
became involved
conducted courses
next twelve
own school
son whom
almost every
combined works
every subject
generally thought
made significant
significant contributions
studied almost
subject possible
virtual encyclopedia
know everything
little evidence
once again
widespread tradition
buried next
family estate
named chief
sin twice
twice against
19th century
century advances
dominant form
earliest study
logic until
nothing else
until 19th
concepts like
correct use
could never
earlier philosophers
frequent use
made frequent
maintaining solid
philosophers made
simply follow
would simply
1st century
early 1st
himself would
likely edited
logical works
six books
today call
we today
concerning logic
correct rules
elementary relations
knowledge through
logical theory
should link
simple terms
while holding
exists apart
method implies
still refers
become limited
includes fields
logic plays
regarded today
different meaning
larger sense
makes philosophy
means ethics
period between
would describe
concepts like
contains observations
original contributions
scientific thinking
scientists began
understanding o
basic experimental
even if
falls faster
human males
made up
object falls
partly due
simple experiments
writings provide
3rd century
accepted up
goes too
hypothesis requires
one's hypothesis
requires far
scientific method
simple observation
sufficient facts
thinking without
times greater
too far
up until
widely accepted
without sufficient
back science
created foundations
formal science
founded logic
fundamental notion
great advances
often took
provide useful
useful knowledge
view held
becomes sea
changes now
delta since
great results
length become
must produce
particular cases
parts where
regions does
so slow
those parts
becomes land
changes take
every thing
land where
place according
places where
spring up
take place
thing changes
divine substance
four proposed
lunar sphere
makes up
modern idea
proposed earlier
sphere surrounding
back towards
come down
either suggest
move back
moved out
naturally move
potentially possible
rain falls
transition toward
while air
any thing
anything coming
different types
four different
material out
simultaneously active
tells us
us what
before making
essential quality
formal cause
fundamental principles
human made
idea existing
made object
relationship known
simple example
so suggests
effectively efficient
final cause
gives purpose
immediately sets
including both
instrumental actions
modern definitions
particular events
psychological causes
simply again
cannot fall
cause upon
language refers
requires someone
same way
accurate theories
dark chamber
distance between
earliest known
known written
make observations
matter what
optical concepts
relation between
single small
what shape
would still
written evidence
another thing
better understanding
cause lies
find another
person sets
sets out
takes place
thing take
would call
cannot say
do anything
highest degree
if something
involve choice
specific kind
we cannot
both matter
particular substance
being acted
particular change
where nothing
will become
animals do
being acted
could say
our previous
plant does
we could
final house
how then
particular substance
potential being
being next
contemporary philosopher
particular apple
proper universal
universal form
we look
almost entirely
apple exists
body works
contain error
each thing
exist within
human body
within each
certainly did
did research
earliest natural
historian whose
natural historian
accurate descriptions
breaking open
describes breaking
gave accurate
good example
methods comes
thousand years
years ahead
different kind
do make
living things
make use
still existed
things contains
would call
classified organisms
function so
higher organisms
later use
observed data
placing them
showed greater
them according
use made
view gave
animals laid
highest animals
laid warm
placed emphasis
against previous
around 200
generally went
illustrated edition
went against
written around
any original
between natural
important contribution
names survive
produce any
biological thought
distinguished between
essentially until
few ancient
former do
generally taken
medical teacher
placing intelligence
remain central
thought essentially
would remain
any real
generally taken
often known
real consequence
simply meant
becoming good
considered ethics
doing good
humans must
living beings
practical rather
proper function
so much
wrote several
being happy
chapter 7
ever being
example chapter
generally translated
good character
later stage
live li
necessarily requires
often translated
people come
potentially happy
way necessarily
abstract reason
generally accept
highest possible
possible human
whole must
being like
common modern
exist without
modern understanding
natural community
parts none
quite different
different reading
individuals leave
partnership must
perform beautiful
political partnership
each varying
slightly better
through narrative
whereas dance
chief focus
considered superior
special interest
those same
bringing life
element bringing
equal weight
gave equal
happy unless
lecture notes
lost works
originally written
places like
society cannot
unless women
compiled under
include medieval
individual works
others acquired
perhaps compiled
texts whose
today held
whose connections
works within
himself never
interpretation according
never uses
refers generally
usually refers
5th century
between works
cases possible
classic scholar
distinction between
lecture notes
lost through
mind even
possible notes
scholar offers
specific works
technical works
use within
whereas empty
writing style
could seriously
currently available
modern readers
seriously so
those works
what exactly
writing style
cannot know
different versions
few modern
larger books
likely left
modern scholars
significant role
smaller units
style found
surviving texts
we cannot
writing style
1st century
bringing them
form we
let them
major question
ones we
carried off
popular belief
widespread knowledge
ancient library
considerable damage
damage followed
far too
fifty years
intervention list
quite similar
suffered considerable
too good
we currently
years before
come down
hundred years
part due
philosophy could
point where
us relatively
writings grew
almost every
any human
debt through
every field
future scientist
human knowledge
influential people
knowledge then
left every
whether any
back science
do historical
every serious
held back
historical justice
how large
intellectual advance
made upon
serious intellectual
done well
great deal
if those
men if
men's common
notable students
old philosopher
philosopher released
students included
travels made
what shall
far beyond
great number
influenced equally
whom wrote
whose knowledge
famous poem
regularly described
scholars regularly
unique representative
being happy
free themselves
modern scientific
scientific laws
so far
went so
di color
him closer
political philosophy
taken nearly
antiquity through
cited him
greatest philosopher
major influence
manuscript transmission
medieval manuscript
reform what
through medieval
following references
made according
secondary literature
technical philosophical
writers influenced
our understanding
human relationship
relationship viewed
classic overview
print since
focused topics
complete works
1951 musical
musical starring
standard instruments
brought back
original program
poem moves
program notes
purpose here
tone poem
took place
various street
consider taking
her request
played ten
seriously consider
study abroad
ten minutes
purpose here
third theme
various street
blues theme
follows continues
slow blues
themes set
uses common
avoid changing
caused him
particularly like
revised edition
walk out
classical composers
eventually asked
frequently recorded
briefly participated
commercial recordings
few commercial
might play
radio broadcast
we hear
built around
dance sequence
sequence built
art direction
awards ceremony
best art
direction went
films below
oldest awards
again split
picture art
picture art
picture art
100 countries
formal ceremony
nine types
officially named
oldest award
prominent award
help improve
honorary organization
later initiated
outstanding film
professional honorary
announced three
months earlier
second ceremony
three months
full previous
give him
made him
previous calendar
recognized films
released between
winners before
1939 film
acting categories
ceremony held
certain category
competitive acting
specific performance
actors receiving
annual awards
awards presented
best known
foreign language
language films
art director
each represent
original branches
style holding
create what
film director
finally convinced
future wife
what today
approximately 50
gold ones
made each
band leader
she named
claimed origin
dates back
earliest mentions
made reference
executive secretary
legend reports
looks like
any agreement
court decision
day she
neither winners
put him
should we
sign any
them back
we do
winners nor
legal battle
subsequently returned
each representing
largest voting
nomination results
professional honorary
voting membership
73 annual
annual awards
competitive nomination
e past
just under
members must
past 73
press releases
significant contribution
film must
must open
online system
so voting
voting members
exist either
film must
previous calendar
short subject
branches vote
directors vote
each form
film will
form before
made up
native resolution
online form
production credits
respective categories
up o
each country
f members
film per
films must
must include
second round
special case
then determined
various branches
voting members
although fashion
film awards
major awards
often per
prominent fashion
quite often
relevant calendar
six weeks
sometimes do
usually begins
walking up
40 million
aired live
broadcast live
elsewhere throughout
form those
songs live
those songs
again took
any independent
award show
being held
day outside
do so
event until
once again
press release
several years
so far
under contract
until 1960
years claimed
47 wins
e moved
having won
moved up
movie studios
now usually
show holds
usually occurs
would cut
being held
reasons given
awards ceremony
broadcast because
earlier start
film industry
our traffic
will move
would allow
drawn criticism
selection compiled
significant contribution
small committee
45 seconds
ceremony even
even further
further back
given just
just 45
point where
run past
say thanks
schedule would
traditionally receiving
voters would
voting period
several weeks
up several
40 million
43 million
40 minutes
31 minutes
38 minutes
38 minutes
24 minutes
42 minutes
33 minutes
35 minutes
37 minutes
34 minutes
35 minutes
38 minutes
47 minutes
04 minutes
33 minutes
37 minutes
44 minutes
51 minutes
already me
big stage
box office
generated close
box office
ceremony based
household rating
independent film
office tend
performed well
80 years
particular ceremony
worst ever
then hosted
awards took
ceremony took
permanent home
place simultaneously
took place
since 1928
since 1941
1930s through
awarded since
likewise split
separate categories
since 1984
meets each
following proposed
proposed awards
always presented
being influenced
consistent annual
film director
positive exposure
since 1929
typically called
any industry
ceremony because
do so
greatest promotion
industry ever
promotion scheme
winners critical
any part
conflicts between
don't want
second person
want any
same voting
being awarded
certain years
great films
mean never
never having
performances so
production values
so much
superior performances
closely associated
entire body
following events
usually held
8th annual
awards live
generally known
historically held
retirement home
three course
traditionally held
years running
films nominated
foreign language
language films
won multiple
annual events
classic short
events surrounding
major annual
ceremony site
fan sites
list any
sites here
1996 film
90 minutes
de la
film directed
four leading
important old
interviews three
male actors
student interviews
television star
theatre student
each letter
short poem
anniversary edition
objects beginning
within each
written especially
34 seconds
exactly 34
initial difference
plus 24
seconds ahead
specified using
50 national
any clock
apart ever
changing motion
clock would
compared using
standards based
against each
compared against
different institutions
frequency signal
independent atomic
institutions each
integer number
regularly compared
usually published
another version
better estimates
create another
gives tables
instead considered
make better
once published
same circular
services started
true proper
both local
commercial atomic
scale began
single atomic
arranged so
being arranged
scale composed
above sea
became clear
different rates
me continue
rates due
scale therefore
well served
continued existence
related though
remain parallel
separate technology
though separate
would consider
among cultures
core aspect
often considered
provide something
specific individual
toward whom
various religious
vary among
while duty
whom concern
19th century
major topic
certain people
different methods
fields lead
moral notion
note describes
simple terms
among animals
another individual
should serve
between animals
biological concept
emerged out
produce theories
proposed mechanisms
theories compatible
traditional evolutionary
close relationships
functional significance
theoretical proposal
each individual
interactions between
interesting example
mathematical equation
absolute requirement
another brain
both pure
guide decisions
networks guide
others before
pure monetary
how people
moral faculty
people view
superior moral
acts because
between doing
computer game
difference between
doing something
feel good
functional magnetic
invited 45
personal gain
print issue
quite sensitive
study published
took functional
winning money
activity rose
compared each
how people
lead study
people view
people's actions
results showed
said lead
scientists asked
argues against
four major
identified four
moral principle
perspective taking
social psychology
ultimately benefits
avoid helping
does exist
general conclusion
help someone
helping unless
situation could
ultimately serves
whereas those
demonstrated through
psychological research
studies often
decrease individual
feel personal
help if
high level
personal responsibility
social psychology
connection between
different age
entirely regardless
future health
personal responsibility
responsibility entirely
social resources
strong connection
differences between
different age
helping behavior
improve mental
physical health
significantly higher
social resources
major illness
multiple roles
organization experienced
physical health
women's multiple
adults ages
asked participants
being aware
count each
each act
prior health
week significantly
acts bring
negative effects
relationship between
research supports
while research
acts make
even stronger
feel good
make people
mental health
negative effect
people feel
stronger negative
various character
very important
common good
individuals come
our societies
ring emotional
topic within
group level
important moral
particular emphasis
place particular
very important
between self
distinction between
even said
focus love
opposition between
re focused
root cause
them lies
ultimate source
very core
would agree
consequence experience
effect would
functions like
greater our
moral action
natural law
our own
strictly distinguished
very notion
we care
appropriate result
difference between
others will
usually makes
early texts
fundamental principles
mechanisms governing
one's actions
perfect type
tradition classified
extending knowledge
living things
major characteristic
must practice
every soul
extends even
great care
living beings
policy extends
powerful enemies
respect because
views every
cardinal principles
current practical
discussed under
five cardinal
sometimes discussed
them very
might seem
seem obvious
should love
ultimately confirmed
we should
within creative
authors draw
between love
biblical authors
common good
connection between
does think
love your
must love
private good
schools within
should seek
strong connection
theological schools
ultimate purpose
we should
different ways
love requires
own good
possible form
powerful feeling
requires acting
several books
sometimes love
turn away
directed against
highest degree
importance lies
one's own
through complete
13th century
attitude towards
constant concern
paid attention
desired goal
particular focused
towards humanity
bring creation
could achieve
how society
raise humanity
society could
both friends
enemy began
fight again
gave water
late 17th
soldiers brought
additionally hold
doing good
give them
giving water
instead additionally
personal supreme
saw your
subsequently founded
what you
wounded because
your face
act unless
do view
philosophical views
same views
unless moved
wide range
agents should
always act
equal moral
humans always
moral agents
related concept
should always
family came
least half
topics related
portrait photo
philosophical system
she called
system she
1943 novel
achieved fame
essays until
her 1943
initially unsuccessful
instead supporting
philosophical novel
play produced
promote her
published her
publishing her
several collections
she achieved
social system
unsuccessful early
until her
family living
influence among
major influence
rejected her
spread her
three daughters
y critical
above any
family life
high school
initially under
occasion nearly
party under
school she
she determined
building along
figure whose
greatest influences
her greatest
large building
numerous people
philosophical works
she studied
third figure
university she
where she
whose philosophical
works she
would form
became her
she wrote
shortly before
subsequently studied
university shortly
visiting foreign
decided her
her professional
professional surname
sources question
writing would
allowed her
basic living
chance meeting
few months
her arrival
later called
movie theater
pay her
set out
then set
upon her
what she
whom owned
bring her
literary success
made several
several attempts
she met
success came
support her
various jobs
highly critical
movie version
struggle between
then successfully
will ever
would then
editions continued
go out
her later
revised version
since sold
three million
allowed her
her next
initially could
later success
next major
revised version
success allowed
both men
brought her
experience she
her husband
husband worked
introduced her
just viewed
philosophical differences
public speaking
them expressed
throughout her
worked full
against what
architect named
before finally
hat particularly
her because
live through
major success
numerous meetings
others above
philosophical novel
placing others
politics long
publishers before
she wrote
struggle against
twelve publishers
young architect
being accepted
continued use
doctor ordered
drug helped
eventually became
helped her
long hours
meet her
1944 edition
essay titled
role gave
she returned
1944 film
became involved
extended her
falling out
final falling
her involvement
made comments
out between
personal experiences
wrote articles
being much
much better
numerous letters
received numerous
allowing them
began allowing
close relationship
included future
manuscript pages
much younger
psychology student
student named
where she
young psychology
artists go
her concept
independent free
nation's wealth
plot involves
declared herself
economy would
extensive statement
her works
includes elements
novel includes
severe depression
society would
turning point
would collapse
gave lectures
her followers
later incorporated
match characters
members gave
wide range
wrote articles
being concentrated
closest followers
concentrated among
giving talks
held them
philosophy through
problem being
promoted her
students believe
through her
annual lectures
included supporting
men fighting
often took
she often
social issues
take land
took controversial
her husband
laws against
please do
she promoted
young actress
affair hidden
her romantic
romantic relationship
she learned
though her
1970s her
1976 she
activities within
despite her
final projects
late 1970s
she retired
sign her
television adaptation
writing her
called her
dollar sign
her prominent
laid out
moral purpose
near her
out positions
placed near
any form
anything she
concept formation
material provided
opposed anything
she regarded
human life
individual should
others nor
presented her
she presented
her view
individual rights
moral social
often classified
political philosophy
she considered
social system
system because
allows philosophical
concrete form
defined art
philosophical concepts
reality according
she associated
theory based
art form
described her
early inspiration
found early
her own
own approach
she considered
where she
early notes
her overall
overall writing
she wrote
turned against
although philosophers
important contributions
said her
she referred
significant aspect
whom she
both extreme
literary critic
being long
changes made
considered even
even positive
her script
largely through
positive reviews
significant changes
through word
125 different
approximately 125
being published
different reviews
far fewer
fewer reviews
little attention
reviews being
she received
1957 novel
basic concepts
her message
negative reviews
reviews focused
thinking through
understanding her
without thinking
almost any
conservative author
positive reviews
received positive
far fewer
fewer reviews
get re
her novels
hope you
later wrote
received far
up off
calling her
way philosophy
books got
described her
fictional writing
her fictional
less attention
looking out
out number
philosophical art
capital letters
described her
her books
roads armed
steps down
asked club
books continue
club members
copies sold
includes approximately
international interest
members what
survey conducted
widely sold
growing concern
included fellow
later writers
important influence
positive view
promoted her
response business
thought include
characters based
fiction novels
her works
including animated
science fiction
shows including
television shows
1997 documentary
1999 television
run through
television adaptation
won several
continuing influence
holds up
man holds
she rejected
sign referring
important women
movement would
senior fellow
described her
faced intense
how traditional
influence among
intense opposition
late 1950s
numerous attacks
political fi
published numerous
twentieth century
1987 article
often members
recommended her
articles compared
down traditional
economic crisis
fictional hero
her fictional
increased criticism
opinion articles
particularly through
through her
author declared
could lead
declared writing
few articles
ideas appeared
lifetime her
little attention
philosophy appeared
received little
taking her
academic philosophers
find any
literary figure
she began
culture phenomenon
currently include
few universities
phenomenon rather
philosophy departments
pop culture
taught her
universities currently
helped found
journal dedicated
made subjects
several academic
theory published
written several
academic philosophers
although attention
consider her
increased since
limited understanding
personal attack
philosophical subject
site maintained
critics because
describe her
1999 interview
2001 historian
now known
organization dedicated
promoting her
controversial due
her lifetime
if you
major works
requiring research
selected bibliography
teaching related
works published
you think
science fiction
almost complete
complete classification
made contributions
gold medal
several foreign
earlier years
silent film
allowed them
began working
climate allowed
companies worked
continue productions
founding president
motion picture
offered him
picture industry
productions requiring
requiring warm
strong interest
directed fellow
motion pictures
pictures studios
several very
successful movies
very successful
helped launch
them highly
very successful
associate producer
remove per
amendment since
constitutional amendment
de la
education system
since 8
still widely
formally referred
large country
largest country
regional languages
estimated population
founding member
city's older
common etymology
etymology links
possibly related
cave painting
day life
distinct native
every day
found around
indigenous peoples
oldest paintings
painting found
since 10.000
complete record
highest state
known then
longer exist
paintings show
pictures provide
produced hand
show giant
significant amount
coastal regions
distinct native
high standard
industry appears
native population
spread throughout
typically depicted
established small
indigenous population
major role
market towns
organization supported
political organization
population increased
presence existed
principal center
settlements along
small settlements
supported several
coins bearing
declined because
early fourth
fourth century
largest element
links between
single largest
state declined
territorial expansion
areas controlled
coastal areas
extended across
high point
line survived
modern day
second century
several large
survived until
controlled much
made up
main branches
numerous local
people controlled
region throughout
contained several
et des
made territorial
several tribes
themselves divided
et des
several towns
held until
previously helped
attack resulted
attacks led
large ships
made part
military power
national hero
sent him
territory taken
attacked coastal
coastal villages
modern boundaries
sometimes called
early 19th
medieval term
coastal towns
extend throughout
far north
often made
south along
captured mainly
places like
sending them
coastal settlements
often attacked
so severe
suggests white
white slavery
capture ships
merchant ships
safe harbor
slave reported
would capture
repeatedly struck
ships paid
tribute demanded
annual revenue
attack free
found itself
free shipping
giving place
longer covered
those wars
conditions imposed
transport meeting
agricultural techniques
english translation
modern agricultural
needs english
six historical
became full
land development
sources suggest
while land
famous speech
term seems
then believed
towards settlers
vast crowd
7th president
complete independence
few months
killing numerous
opened fire
ten percent
then fled
would remain
already become
became increasingly
become increasingly
continued throughout
economy became
increasingly socialist
legal party
price collapsed
sole legal
trend continued
disputed claim
political parties
refugees within
agricultural employment
brought considerable
children per
dramatic increase
drive brought
eight children
industries emerged
protest movements
significant change
state took
ten percent
war years
1988 forced
26 members
autumn 1988
both camps
d against
legacy considered
main policy
policy initiative
assassination attempt
consisted mainly
controlled almost
countries subject
cultural life
military attempted
radical members
said properties
19th century
almost everything
currently present
early 19th
every day
language replaced
liberation terrorism
manuscript written
oriented towards
written before
administration across
committed themselves
independence committed
indigenous elite
large levels
made up
state administration
came out
caught between
identity based
indigenous language
national identity
policy called
problems occurred
remains caught
state policy
street signs
any legacy
colonial past
higher education
legal language
official concerns
recent legislation
secondary school
society would
limited freedom
military then
parties based
political parties
population spoke
second round
significant sector
killed between
leaders representing
political conflict
taking advantage
terrorism continues
terrorist attacks
though fighting
various terrorist
especially improve
government responded
high prices
identity increased
including naming
local elections
national language
natural gas
entire north
inserted vast
largest country
mountain ranges
north eastern
parallel sets
part includes
significant part
southern part
vast plains
coastal area
few natural
highest point
just west
lies mostly
mostly between
small area
sometimes even
biggest country
coastal part
daily ranges
desert temperatures
dry air
highest official
official temperature
rapid loss
general increase
get up
late winter
near absence
northern part
precipitation increasing
summer change
amendment passed
constitutional amendment
formerly limited
report gives
elected every
every fi
1976 constitution
40 legal
campaigns must
formed if
legal political
armed wing
direct successor
personnel include
equipment under
force oriented
men aged
metropolitan police
oriented toward
police force
primary military
rural police
sold various
under military
various types
mentions 2006
purchase 49
return old
weapons deal
carried little
little practical
administrative divisions
changed several
entity governing
every five
old provinces
political entity
several times
times since
turn elected
60 percent
95 percent
actual amount
country ranks
energy sector
roughly 60
6 percent
between 2003
four percent
oil production
percent between
period due
remained stable
same period
continued efforts
domestic investment
energy sector
foreign exchange
government signed
high unemployment
investment outside
large increase
little success
map export
part because
policy reforms
reducing high
reforms supported
eventually lower
state arms
will eventually
economic recovery
foreign debt
move reflected
nations before
pay off
percent increase
would reduce
20th century
billion worth
century efforts
considerable amount
early years
industry declined
labor force
small amount
approximately four
great variety
make them
required water
90 percent
ethnic group
indigenous ethnic
mainly concentrated
population ranging
73 percent
approximately 73
mainly found
while approximately
almost exclusively
cities including
colonial period
consisting primarily
country's independence
largest metropolitan
60 percent
70 percent
government officials
household income
make up
publicly stated
university students
up 70
urban areas
includes roughly
workers lived
human rights
ethnic presence
mainly due
often called
83 percent
99 percent
amendment since
constitution since
constitutional amendment
45 percent
99 percent
linked page
community until
small number
very small
80 percent
82 percent
92 percent
99 percent
drinking water
government maintains
health care
improved drinking
making progress
people without
per 1,000
progress toward
those living
urban areas
adult population
care free
children between
generally receive
health care
high levels
human development
main entrance
receive health
still cause
very high
water still
school system
students contributed
20th century
century include
country's recent
split between
strongly influenced
later became
strongly influenced
though born
what later
became naturally
cinema goes
colonial theatre
different movie
film industry
goes back
human beings
main subject
movie productions
often featured
silent human
film selected
players emerging
selected three
several players
three times
topics will
very popular
would create
1973 comedy
better known
cinema began
go through
greatly due
known under
long period
major productions
productions became
several films
very difficult
where major
artistic creation
creation like
fame like
famous painting
immigration wave
issued fr
mainly due
rich artistic
very rich
classical painting
past prior
returned through
arabic writers
authors like
big names
goes back
historic roots
literature goes
main concern
names having
universal literary
whose main
works whose
among them
attempt through
authors emerged
different style
known writers
literature whom
noted recent
often regarded
whom include
writers will
group performing
long poems
musical genre
my father's
classical music
develop considerably
large technical
main instruments
musical style
primarily distinguished
technical research
troops music
twelve long
will develop
diverse areas
ic songs
international success
old tales
passed through
tales passed
well represented
modern development
music exist
scene su
several styles
unique style
what would
would give
around social
classical style
music generally
recent style
relatively recent
significant growth
since always
cities either
cuisine varies
prepared using
vast directory
broad tourism
high modern
implemented resulting
modern standard
standard being
tourism sector
valley containing
audio pronunciation
territories established
available study
major characters
under her
widely available
essential drama
great set
her youth
life she
moral code
railroad tracks
simply want
standing off
three romantic
until she
upon her
central characters
copper mining
largest copper
moral code
recognize what
save them
world's largest
began working
designed both
give up
her throughout
she would
successful career
while still
important information
initially appears
left due
male hero
primary male
produces electricity
static electricity
tells him
central characters
figure out
helps him
him understand
important steel
out how
similar properties
steel company
clearly does
grew up
revealed explicitly
traditional view
anyone else
became friends
captain going
creative ability
else will
generally assumed
going down
her attention
making use
matches them
studying under
while studying
will return
become active
being sent
creative people
enough capital
hand him
increasingly difficult
kept hidden
once those
personal appearance
relief ships
taken away
1974 comment
always seen
closely associated
dropped out
final published
sections written
seen through
actually run
almost every
destroy those
expert influence
making operational
mind starts
moral philosophy
operational decisions
because she
complete mental
destroy her
eight years
even if
full potential
goes too
married eight
never reach
power will
she cannot
destroy achievement
does give
false belief
give her
her own
neither achieve
nor her
property rights
prove her
she passes
breaks down
down before
finally leaves
former professor
giving up
leaves her
several occasions
twice attempts
former student
since become
character lists
country's economic
father figure
following secondary
listed if
major characters
secondary characters
young l
allows him
before she
car services
full story
great names
now works
story behind
studied under
those great
tracks him
apparent lack
before she
code surrounding
having believed
her store
heroes she
him thinking
looked up
moral code
person behind
questions employees
she questions
someone like
until she
carrying hi
reveals part
being attached
business out
demands lead
engine being
never reaches
she starts
steam engine
engineer hired
leads her
leaving behind
mining empire
same reasons
small mine
then later
her living
literary leader
never sold
role model
says she
ten thousand
thousand copies
three thousand
ever heard
few companies
spent years
still produces
chief engineer
company called
eventually leads
famous brain
frequently referred
lead allows
medical system
put under
under government
ever gave
gave him
labor leader
make him
says what
bank goes
go along
then gets
will go
beautiful actress
before she
bridge across
partially responsible
she does
any reason
build anything
moral code
never dream
nothing wrong
sees nothing
society begins
would never
against him
article called
brought against
called him
came down
case brought
crossing out
legally changed
news article
paid off
passing laws
seen editing
get done
her high
high social
him like
leading philosopher
sexual affair
anything specific
her weak
never says
says anything
seek meaning
weak son
younger brother
father's company
her affair
important thing
political organization
reveals her
surviving children
those around
any government
becoming wealthy
committed suicide
earned money
ended up
married another
never earned
parties using
railroad without
using money
without any
call him
character does
government representative
least bad
notes indicate
often inspired
press agent
public relations
real knowledge
just before
passes laws
shot attempting
starts out
yet know
am leaving
becomes known
burning well
meets him
oil wells
particular burning
academic study
collective forms
cultural organization
evolutionary origins
among humans
basic concerns
different groups
evolutionary past
how social
human life
relations among
social relations
variations among
originally defined
social organization
study both
traditionally divided
central place
heavily influenced
knowledge came
remained largely
shift toward
traditionally divided
based mainly
fields frequently
simply reading
systematic comparison
use different
would otherwise
central focus
covers economic
research focused
behind give
change contemporary
contemporary genetic
cultural lives
find out
how people
left behind
material remains
out how
past societies
problem based
social factors
typically look
between language
fields including
linguistic methods
often draw
related fields
relationship between
social uses
although attempts
entire field
few places
natural sciences
places where
practical application
strategic cultural
widespread practical
between what
central characteristics
culture ends
extensive period
her own
human cultures
own culture
several characteristics
any kind
both human
concepts shared
local observations
observations remain
remain fundamental
being better
culture being
cultures should
different methods
do something
means traveling
modern population
often take
particular cultures
something called
techniques often
find thousands
mention theories
root causes
take just
theories ranging
recent collection
academic departments
across cultural
cultural traditions
developed various
divided up
established science
largest organization
major trends
particular use
relevant cultural
share approaches
single largest
traditions based
understanding major
various kinds
divided up
made up
major professional
organizations exist
professional organization
sometimes divided
1961 translation
natural science
professional societies
annual course
any cultures
begin teaching
cultures besides
generally considered
never left
nor did
own primary
primary field
study any
thus primarily
contemporary accounts
dates both
detailed studies
human processes
often called
peoples considered
several ancient
surviving contemporary
viewed through
another example
carry out
diverse human
him across
human variation
out comparative
so detailed
stay among
studying human
systematic observations
took him
travels took
variation across
comparative studies
detailed comparative
given group
like modern
others argue
wrote detailed
consider modern
study continued
15th century
both archaeology
eventually social
increasing since
modern views
ns attempted
study human
systematic study
then evolved
18th century
certain principles
human society
late 18th
study originated
understand human
unlike studying
biological approach
common criticism
divided between
grew increasingly
increasingly distinct
literary fields
passed through
science scholars
single evolutionary
various forms
windows onto
20th century
countries focus
ethnicity within
general laws
generally study
global view
laws through
particular individual
particularly variation
scientists increasingly
social scientists
three broad
understanding particular
variation across
cases through
descriptions rather
different branches
easily fit
emerged amongst
explain individual
general laws
generally attempted
individual cases
laws derived
methods distinct
often develop
sciences often
social phenomena
though usually
understand social
certain kinds
continuing emphasis
different path
generally taken
l powers
often very
theoretical papers
very different
among local
large region
nation through
public education
through various
various forms
comparative studies
field trip
generally considered
studies through
through extensive
cultural forms
different groups
particular laid
similar cultural
three ways
broad knowledge
concerned himself
cultural development
development proposed
generally seemed
mainly concerned
numerous editions
particular elements
progress rather
approach came
cultural elements
held together
institutions fit
particularly interested
seem increasingly
several younger
societies held
beginning what
brief period
expedition set
made use
strict sense
became standard
carried out
contributions coming
how social
key contributions
old style
social institutions
approach known
balance out
built up
close attention
how institutions
paid close
quite different
social system
societies worked
trained students
up institutions
1930s until
directions through
edited volumes
late 1930s
period appeared
universities across
great intellectual
make use
social structural
both theory
differences among
found themselves
increasing dialogue
alternative explanation
faculty positions
fields rather
held faculty
less clear
part because
senior editor
writers influential
comparative study
particular proved
across multiple
close relationship
cultural movements
enormous influence
established ties
wider cultural
1970s include
academic departments
carried out
context within
de la
distinct character
funded research
influential students
less evolved
national de
proved influential
separate function
training influential
while training
cultural capital
eventually held
others before
places him
removed if
topics both
trained formally
19th century
century through
early 19th
es him
often called
cultural evolution
establish universal
established academic
human societies
influential contributions
patterns proved
societies could
behavior resulted
each culture
evolution could
how much
human conduct
indigenous peoples
like those
popular subjects
societies whose
those made
whose evolution
detailed studies
develop multiple
each produced
general science
helped establish
historical focus
languages helped
multiple generations
single evolutionary
students included
authors sought
carried out
her offices
remain popular
social forces
studies carried
three decades
turning point
wider cultural
expanded upon
native tribes
19th century
greatly influenced
le 7
much attention
related studies
studies did
between scholars
both legal
conflict between
increased cultural
2nd edition
how societies
model itself
newly independent
still distinct
popular within
proved very
take account
very popular
1980s issues
books like
increasingly popular
popular theoretical
theoretical approach
1990s authors
became popular
critical theory
late 1980s
moved issues
relationship between
social structure
general trend
key aspects
methods became
particular how
assisted state
discipline grew
grew out
pay attention
scientists engaged
state policies
wide variety
allied war
controversy within
effort against
annual meetings
bodies often
government intelligence
often object
others worked
provides detailed
turned up
while others
any kind
called certain
efforts focus
giving secret
host governments
kind should
meeting local
own government
characteristic factors
collection occurs
data collection
final report
professional exercise
we stress
where data
while we
authors argue
essays relating
et al
further recognize
contrary focus
far away
them far
topics very
traditionally specialized
very close
become common
between locations
center founded
connections between
en sciences
journals like
locations ra
same approach
scholars like
daily life
focus beyond
related shift
shift toward
my earlier
strict sense
key theoretical
largest professional
n introduction
professional organization
collections database
detailed description
world's cultures
cover different
include research
sciences include
agricultural production
closely linked
never exactly
people think
primary products
soil properties
specific crops
strongly related
agriculture began
better dated
early artificial
education back
modern terms
science began
scientific revolution
terms might
agricultural research
agriculture since
closely tied
developing additional
environmental impact
human intervention
largest human
next 44
often referred
population growth
progress made
agricultural scientists
approaches provide
data processing
essentially different
include technological
interaction between
ng agricultural
problems lies
something essentially
technological fields
affect human
agricultural science
good management
human sciences
including interaction
population while
promoting good
requires promoting
world's population
agriculture sciences
food production
increasingly concern
social aspects
sciences basic
agricultural library
basic laboratory
experimental process
influential philosophical
laboratory techniques
philosophical tradition
tradition whose
whose early
best known
common metals
generally split
known goals
physical sciences
practices related
always kept
detailed look
double approach
numerous sources
ongoing impact
second century
she calls
sources stress
tells us
both credited
requires practice
she calls
wide range
fairly popular
historical research
made contributions
material substance
popular belief
research supports
substance using
using physical
18th century
framework within
reliable framework
universe based
early modern
existed within
material processes
often termed
ranks o
spiritual nature
common metals
contain multiple
hidden spiritual
multiple layers
must b
spiritual truth
state towards
stone then
then represented
twin goal
typically contain
works typically
would make
written according
distinct schools
high contrast
placing spiritual
schools placing
while those
give greater
greater weight
occurring within
drawing examples
entirely historically
historical spiritual
term itself
itself based
originally derived
17th century
later rise
original meaning
symbol key
thus became
closely connected
covers several
language makes
least three
mutual influences
occurred around
philosophical traditions
several philosophical
whose center
earliest known
known records
largely independent
much longer
open question
own much
question whether
what extent
central figure
dated back
gods related
known books
oldest known
extending back
generally understood
sometimes associated
wrote what
among them
do contain
making artificial
notable among
philosophical elements
theoretical knowledge
writings lack
change took
each element
if left
important example
return if
took place
would return
alongside emerging
extensively developed
four elements
modern elements
never regarded
our modern
reveals itself
early modern
know through
occupied themselves
seventh century
writers occupied
come down
development moved
down through
earlier writings
early 8th
late 7th
little concern
very little
whose works
et la
historical place
la science
others reserve
among them
century until
could make
even surface
few points
going back
little order
make clear
organized according
small part
surface examination
texts shows
third century
times since
true experiments
what remains
where w
balance between
between theoretical
clear description
clearly recognized
e find
experimental spirit
extremely far
far away
find them
perform practical
relatively clear
theoretical teaching
would seek
artificial creation
experiments will
great contributions
influential author
key chemical
least degree
made great
makes experiments
nor makes
ultimate goal
up t
will never
different metal
four basic
including human
root letters
while gold
mercury giving
original system
faced criticism
medieval author
minute particles
outer layer
physical bodies
theories faced
concerning numerous
texts concerning
centered around
did much
making scientific
put forth
remained centered
thought before
authorities like
common practice
death through
giving rise
practice giving
works explained
complete picture
contributions advanced
studies towards
topics including
universal science
wide variety
writings demonstrated
calling attention
lay outside
theoretical lay
theory through
chemical operations
entire philosophy
four elements
human body
operations alongside
strong tradition
written ideas
divided within
exposed social
man could
philosophical debate
social commentary
within himself
14th century
actual study
century saw
late middle
next phase
regulations centered
religious scholar
works written
would serve
actually gives
carrying out
entire interest
existed before
great deal
legends assigned
never actually
15th centuries
common metals
modern age
much like
secret knowledge
similar contributions
use chemical
way through
wide variations
would use
16th century
added magic
believed himself
did much
differences between
including experimental
keep alive
magic th
produced writings
considered himself
kept much
often came
still considered
views often
approach different
humans must
magic theories
so much
those before
basic idea
became known
might seem
modern point
probably being
word probably
words meaning
better known
interested enough
often associated
170 years
crystal ball
late 16th
lesser known
medical doctor
popular image
sponsored various
would turn
years before
better known
devoted considerably
gas given
given off
laboratory built
modern science
studies include
assumed nothing
better known
compiled every
every piece
scientific method
would note
approach eventually
eventually led
finally provided
modern chemistry
parallel developments
reliable framework
understanding matter
ce easily
distinction drawn
including support
academic writers
developing science
itself nothing
modern chemistry
popular belief
tradition itself
art primarily
early nineteenth
interpretation further
operations mentioned
practical tradition
primarily concerned
any thing
century revival
independently published
influenced subsequent
modern art
nineteenth century
published similar
regarding spiritual
similar works
subsequent authors
works regarding
common fate
discipline under
medical connections
research did
spiritual discipline
between gold
commonly viewed
connection between
developments could
so vital
base metals
gold appears
high industrial
industrial development
possibility exists
sixth century
11th century
chemical science
far ahead
our own
till our
took much
valuable gift
alive since
back youth
beyond hope
gave back
ill beyond
like every
principles restored
science similar
still alive
traditional stories
aspects similar
eventually became
famous examples
few people
great university
origins back
schools associated
texts track
vast field
very few
alternate version
base metals
eventually centered
obvious connection
often use
original writings
strong influence
9th century
art derives
century texts
closely connected
death would
schools believe
connections between
deaths encouraged
encouraged people
external sources
intellectual connections
recognized subject
general understanding
large collection
research include
several distinct
1970 support
books including
early nineteenth
even appearing
groups continue
influence both
modern books
mostly using
poor translations
published throughout
remains strong
reprinted today
since 1970
support spiritual
using previously
continued interest
medicine sometimes
teaching laboratory
de la
influence popular
popular applications
students continue
20th century
alpha particles
between themselves
brief popularity
enjoyed brief
fast enough
five seconds
gold atoms
moving fast
process oxygen
seconds before
under five
huge amounts
inner meaning
metals requires
noble metals
requires either
those claims
use huge
while nuclear
already adopted
began writing
continued until
core concepts
inner sources
possible inner
any important
important stage
material experiments
approach becoming
four stages
great influence
mainstream perception
nineteenth century
often described
popular texts
real substance
sometimes critical
stages represented
stock element
appears throughout
fantasy works
like those
long standing
plot structure
recent fantasy
seen both
similar relationship
standing relationship
structure follow
works like
influence popular
others worked
appropriate category
discussion page
link might
you think
your link
digital exhibition
online collections
1979 film
film directed
living outside
species living
fiction horror
fictional works
film franchise
horror film
rock band
science fiction
series based
wave band
computer program
framework developed
1996 album
between them
differences between
distinction ha
rock band
them using
using physical
actually quite
educated individuals
highly educated
includes scientists
major organization
quite often
research institutions
70 different
astronomical research
both professional
closely related
different countries
general astronomical
host star
huge community
largest general
much larger
often host
regular basis
research interests
se research
star parties
assist professional
classical image
dark hours
few hours
latest developments
modern professional
often referred
common method
created because
few weeks
instead use
observed phenomena
provide analysis
raw data
relatively little
sensitive image
weeks per
including public
programs including
especially refer
general rather
specific genus
three highly
dead organic
eat dead
general both
sources vary
food runs
just outside
latter lives
now classified
often composed
until food
97 different
better understood
includes 97
instance human
organisms similar
provide identification
source includes
giant marine
include far
modern classification
older classification
strange group
whereas those
based upon
following groups
usually divided
generally produce
large group
notably among
placed within
vast majority
sometimes considered
close relatives
humans if
if introduced
together information
characters including
just called
often just
codes represent
devices t
graphic characters
originally based
space character
code promoted
commercial use
hat use
recent update
standard began
added features
affect how
both ordered
control characters
defines codes
earlier telegraph
includes definitions
affect how
control characters
how text
developed under
four columns
64 codes
between digital
bit patterns
characters compatible
control characters
correspondence between
digital bit
included 26
required f
special graphic
use included
64 codes
allows compact
between options
character codes
code typically
costs associated
data transmission
decided against
eight bits
following character
less reliable
long part
send eight
seven could
shift code
since eight
standards committee
typically makes
would allow
became position
before graphics
code itself
come before
control codes
could record
eight bits
eighth bit
graphic codes
native data
record eight
signs commonly
special signs
typically set
arranged before
case letters
committee decided
keep options
lower case
making conversion
options available
placed before
reduced easily
codes felt
committee expected
control codes
data transmission
device control
felt essential
place corresponding
special characters
those corresponding
any assigned
characters rather
code positions
codes filled
columns 6
group voted
lower case
positions without
task group
without any
7 caused
addressed how
became start
bit pattern
columns 6
committee made
control characters
subsequently updated
upper case
vertical line
introduced features
much so
computers purchased
federal government
government support
important reason
regarding standards
related equipment
subsequent wide
wide adoption
adapted version
characters outside
country needed
every country
international standards
nearly identical
own version
sometimes referred
standards bodies
32 codes
8 represents
character set
defined strictly
line feed
make use
originally intended
those stored
address page
any mechanism
character would
define any
document layout
each control
influential single
popular medium
printing terminal
program storage
single device
storage through
terminal link
text within
very popular
33 machine
became de
character instead
eventually became
manual output
output control
signal warning
stop transmission
transmission because
ways less
became common
bit pattern
characters could
could even
detailed interpretation
existing mark
give detailed
mark would
officially named
original standard
replace printing
standard did
useful specifically
allow sending
certain characters
control codes
intended originally
latter interpretation
quite different
same meaning
systems where
terminal usually
usually indicates
where certain
best example
created problems
current operation
each character
files between
generally causes
machines required
next line
second advances
without moving
actual text
both characters
disk blocks
file length
plain text
systems use
use line
uses both
character will
control code
display them
holding down
key while
represent control
representing control
second character
them rather
will type
languages influenced
necessarily support
shift key
back up
main use
often did
paper tape
tape while
then type
therefore placed
code often
forced terminal
location produce
make any
often produced
paper tape
space between
systems designed
tape made
terminal manufacturers
thus would
control character
represented here
visible representation
computer technology
declaration part
often finds
spread throughout
technology spread
being based
could class
including those
probably unique
unique among
additional codes
any additional
causing confusion
character code
countries did
did begin
different characters
four years
indicate w
international character
national variants
same code
ultimately published
use characters
would share
became common
computers began
know what
late introduction
national variant
often impossible
systems could
variant applied
what variant
128 additional
adding additional
additional characters
characters providing
graphic symbols
h character
upper 128
common character
much wider
unique identification
wider array
128 characters
32 bits
bits per
code points
come before
require conversion
sometimes done
very small
additional resources
easily implemented
inline citations
intermediate order
marks come
providing inline
computer standards
already contains
any link
article already
chart does
therefore any
various places
baseball player
tennis player
football player
tennis player
fictional character
football player
rugby union
television series
union player
automobile company
brand owned
car manufacturer
short lived
pages beginning
ball animation
common method
model positions
motion picture
rapid display
appear similar
bowl found
clearly attempting
five images
images sequence
motion drawing
painted along
where animals
develop much
devices invented
early popular
further until
much further
popular animation
really develop
true sense
using technological
advertising film
broke down
bus driving
camera rolling
change something
continue rolling
down while
earliest surviving
end result
later known
several people
single person
then continue
use animation
while shooting
among them
film versions
matches writing
modified versions
regularly cited
true animated
1908 called
action where
animated film
artists began
began drawing
drawing cartoon
each frame
hands would
largely consisted
live action
shooting each
then shooting
using what
what came
would enter
animated short
animation producer
created detailed
early animation
noted films
successful early
typically referred
19th century
assigned colors
completed character
each drawing
horse animated
motion picture
painted background
picture film
side opposite
traditionally animated
aid o
animated piece
camera movement
drawn directly
e beginning
extensive use
feature films
films include
final animated
including traditional
makes extensive
past 70
remained essentially
several delivery
traditionally animated
computer technology
f computer
regularly use
technology include
those produced
traditionally animated
animated content
less detailed
limited animation
source film
describe animation
earlier uses
live action
would include
created using
different types
keep them
techniques developed
typically involves
using techniques
usually named
widely available
animation often
different version
figures made
frame inside
typically use
uses figures
where clay
wire frame
works include
animated sequences
animation produced
pilot episode
animation created
live actors
model animation
often employed
uses various
various techniques
animation involving
dragon named
flat visual
graphic material
graphics remain
involving using
object animation
sharing sites
sites like
sub genre
video sharing
visual graphic
allowing people
factor being
live humans
previous traditional
stop motion
takes less
fall under
live action
action actors
actors wear
allow computers
entirely using
live action
makes detailed
traditional animation
wear special
animated films
animation techniques
build virtual
create images
making animated
objects move
seem real
technique where
techniques tend
using tradition
usually build
virtual worlds
animated films
create animated
each frame
effects difficult
interesting effect
makes use
object onto
screen filled
side so
vary gradually
added feature
always separate
basic principles
convert digital
digital video
illustrated books
often illustrated
ordinary books
photographs rather
towards adults
video files
stop motion
traditional animated
comprehensive foundation
computer animation
early computer
animation voice
prominent animation
animation techniques
different animation
teaching how
article uses
whether through
3rd century
became associated
could bring
identified among
instrument became
3rd century
declared himself
find any
himself unable
remained separate
separate beings
texts until
et al
google books
often associated
assembly within
later assembly
originally meant
possible identification
treaty between
early form
etymology suggested
great king
volume 33
among them
chief among
few occur
t number
very commonly
became associated
later became
area around
principal places
probably next
called him
closely linked
cult titles
often seen
et en
de la
god known
local fusion
religion des
8th century
acquired different
cult centers
different functions
keep away
older times
popular religion
primarily dedicated
strong function
probably introduced
three components
original meaning
probably connected
relevant song
diseases come
offer him
ward off
keep away
popular religion
strong function
therefore called
4th century
against disease
became merely
become recognised
before entering
fleet left
offer thanks
originally addressed
protection against
arrival must
earth deity
her daughter
important part
deity behind
dragon named
female dragon
hand bring
older tales
pictures show
sacred double
social origins
tales mentioned
bring death
death attributed
indicated disease
originally indicated
similar functions
association between
bring diseases
cult existed
free people
holy symbol
strong relation
becoming her
don't know
her earliest
male god
clear evidence
consistent procedure
local tradition
procedure through
science behind
word connected
art existed
introduced later
second millennium
several areas
women like
e inspiration
funeral practices
great help
king invited
pollution brought
probably introduced
similar story
where existed
fighting against
god seems
public places
religion up
stones found
emphasis given
magic art
originally bringing
seventh day
while usually
agricultural function
become your
let my
older agricultural
several areas
3rd century
already fully
became extremely
cities named
cult sites
extremely important
fully established
might both
so distinct
written sources
gave off
holy spring
important enough
notable ones
west coast
became filled
place where
received inspiration
south west
spring inside
another son
cave where
god went
place where
became sacred
day before
gave birth
give birth
giving birth
later became
mainland nor
neither mainland
newly created
next day
offering them
she banned
son would
them her
then assisted
afterwards held
death across
ever afterwards
give her
held sacred
demanded her
then sent
whose daughter
own son
sacred spot
struck down
took him
another took
assumed would
because she
great benefits
if another
later convinced
live past
return her
seven male
either killed
gods themselves
killed her
late development
ninth day
though according
told until
causing her
myth explains
stand out
whose leaves
6th century
century temple
changes her
own sacred
place called
temple among
because she
gain entrance
she wanted
choose between
made her
she chose
son named
sun every
taught humanity
then named
ever believe
her named
promised her
rejected him
she rejected
bring him
found out
gave them
then killed
transformed her
killing him
off course
gave him
otherwise known
tree because
turning him
carry him
himself off
allow exchange
already replaced
her son
play music
replaced himself
then removed
took them
while she
woods near
between mother
blood between
brought before
carry out
kills her
matter should
order through
gave great
once awarded
aspects aside
being invented
caused them
equal until
knew how
made her
4th century
blood turned
cave near
winner because
although later
cult site
often referred
older cult
poets often
chief gods
considered himself
even said
fought near
himself under
special protection
worship developed
advanced version
born under
every four
four years
honor every
being identical
cultural influence
generally regarded
now generally
texts mention
contrast between
often associated
supposed link
winter left
would leave
common theme
create forms
highest degree
issues beyond
physical capacity
almost static
any art
go parallel
method created
reality represented
static formal
absolute representation
always trying
great influence
permanent principle
would lead
divine reason
gave order
indicating how
mind moved
principles beyond
same root
because men
certain religious
certainly still
clear idea
common roots
modern term
previously thought
religious needs
served certain
standing male
term given
type served
young man
artists tried
because nature
draw one's
forms expressed
nature gives
one's attention
probably because
deep eyes
eyes express
fine example
fully preserved
oldest fully
preserved statue
until late
art goes
earliest examples
goes back
made images
main theme
appear mostly
beauty relative
found across
full knowledge
human anatomy
originally held
probably comes
statue originally
very few
artists tried
ic centre
independently developed
next century
original attributed
represent motion
specific moment
three generations
visible things
beauty consists
does something
each does
early forms
god holds
individual existence
late 1st
reality behind
5th century
always important
any explanation
deep roots
extended left
horn upright
remains against
second quarter
so nature
speaking people
style similar
upright remains
ideal order
permanent principles
reality behind
revealed itself
each scene
must fit
own visible
scenes directly
single figure
strongly associated
art brought
artists seem
between 350
bronze original
classical art
general sequence
greater freedom
late 15th
made between
often depicted
use empty
2nd century
3rd century
increasing conventions
late 2nd
now even
though now
often featured
basic symbols
comics introduced
cult sites
tennis biography
60 according
fellow players
greatest tennis
professional tennis
tennis player
best service
love affair
pay tribute
biggest worldwide
him cited
seen him
worldwide star
male players
three different
gold medal
male singles
singles player
professional tennis
third round
man behind
three older
9 years
could play
details how
father made
football legend
him play
just 9
made him
put up
son lost
tennis club
would put
anyone else
father could
months because
thirty minutes
your check
dropped out
match against
second match
tennis career
then lost
turned professional
career prize
just 43
prize money
six additional
1988 through
being broken
eight years
later become
magazine named
publicly stated
through 1990
until being
would stand
years until
before losing
felt bad
four sets
never going
players became
tour meant
8 years
completely white
eventually emerged
faced fellow
five set
previously enjoyed
second consecutive
1993 saw
again played
early part
once again
surgery late
ten years
winning team
five tournament
then becoming
victory against
won three
73 matches
key player
less successful
once again
reach any
straight sets
won 73
24 matches
drug test
gold medal
high point
later said
low point
men's singles
singles gold
started using
again win
any significant
back up
classic matches
drug test
failed drug
letter claiming
never again
played classic
players ranked
pro players
ranked outside
same friend
stated upon
way back
win any
world's top
would never
any player
came back
early loss
fifth male
five titles
highest jump
love down
male player
second round
won five
made him
male player
second being
singles titles
third being
three different
ended 1999
five sets
four consecutive
fourth player
male player
reached four
six consecutive
ten consecutive
best ever
five sets
match considered
similar rise
those events
throughout 2006
another close
close match
met again
opened 2001
then lost
turned out
what turned
2001 ranked
finished 2001
male tennis
tennis player
three different
2002 opened
32 years
34 career
forced him
four sets
helped him
injury forced
oldest player
three since
top three
18th straight
33 years
male player
player since
previous record
sixth career
straight sets
then re
third consecutive
tournament before
5 since
forced him
oldest player
once again
ranking once
top 5
weeks until
2005 began
800 career
already won
career total
having already
male player
oldest player
reach 800
series event
singles titles
sixth male
before falling
deep runs
events due
second consecutive
straight sets
three consecutive
finished 2005
gave him
nevertheless committed
third set
times ranked
drop out
forced him
leg pain
major reason
poor start
third round
best result
earlier advanced
extreme back
result being
win against
athlete sponsored
exhibition match
ball early
final before
put pressure
described him
trained him
childhood friend
former business
once distinctive
declared himself
tested positive
using crystal
career because
constant pressure
exclusive interview
life where
my life
public radio
radio program
2,000 children
children reach
involved player
sees 2,000
100 percent
basketball program
charter school
college acceptance
residential facility
supports through
building now
d funding
facility opened
get involved
helps professional
now named
12th greatest
1965 through
7th greatest
gold medal
greatest male
named him
period 1965
singles gold
tournament records
court match
gold medal
hard court
match wins
singles gold
three grand
consecutive match
champions named
court match
hard court
player ranked
selected records
years 4
it's substance
men's singles
tennis players
male tennis
tennis player
language family
world's major
either reducing
established families
larger family
official status
several recent
distribution across
regions where
well known
better preserved
near central
very little
accept traditional
primary divisions
therefore cannot
traditionally recognize
type below
branches apart
conservative view
contact between
did find
finds little
increased contact
little evidence
show greater
therefore takes
without any
them based
though like
7 languages
5 languages
clear where
developed tone
highly developed
40 languages
dates obtained
family tree
recent studies
several times
times older
evidence suggests
known well
route map
well enough
cited original
now abandoned
widely cited
15th meeting
language family
major language
world's major
300 million
family tree
million people
people speak
spoken predominantly
widely spoken
35 million
includes several
large parts
national language
originally referred
several ancient
widely spoken
formally proposed
general use
term introduced
use until
academic traditions
geographic distribution
language family
later suggested
being part
controversial member
general agreement
given greatest
greatest weight
language family
others considered
usually considered
while others
among those
once spoken
people would
position within
separate branch
sometimes listed
would appear
actually form
even among
high degree
language family
often included
relationship between
various branches
family consisting
found little
group plus
language family
long remain
racial arguments
relationship between
would long
independent branch
strongly confirmed
agreement exists
branch split
otherwise address
six branches
later added
split up
third branch
thus divided
independent branches
accepted relations
extends outside
generally accepted
little currency
relation between
relations between
term replaced
earlier possible
earliest written
even larger
generally accepted
gives us
group would
language families
oldest language
still earlier
would contain
written evidence
any current
considerably older
fall within
family considerably
place where
range between
speakers lived
spoken vary
area between
generally believed
original language
primarily spoken
today primarily
changes within
extensive reconstruction
including ten
make use
show evidence
indicates rising
previous version
et la
main sources
sur le
paper delivered
lecture delivered
revised version
latest data
talks given
31 de
al 31
including areas
remove per
remove per
remained legal
de les
widely spoken
capital city
country mainly
estimated population
highest capital
mainly because
official language
whole state
fighting against
highest human
human life
live longer
any type
de la
military protection
arose between
both became
dispute arose
shared between
signed under
ultimately transfer
would ultimately
actually take
being made
declared war
made part
official state
take part
until 1957
existed outside
few ties
industry along
later stages
political system
prevent influences
remained neutral
route between
tourist industry
troops reached
both government
even though
popular vote
relevant articles
take place
days following
de la
held between
legislative branch
seven administrative
single national
absolute majority
annual budget
any bill
elected candidate
extended until
government must
l nomination
months before
parliamentary approval
previous budget
absolute majority
hold office
judges hold
member appointed
will vote
against laws
own armed
point will
rotation so
each house
even though
full member
internal police
nationality must
police will
should keep
special agreement
will offer
average elevation
consists predominantly
highest being
land area
lowest point
three narrow
elevation means
higher elevation
consists mainly
map export
natural resources
output consists
relative advantage
resources include
being treated
lowest unemployment
manufactured goods
remained legal
unemployment rates
until 31
world's lowest
close geographic
less commonly
major tourist
never signed
provides free
radio stations
spoken among
stations use
varying degrees
made up
official state
primarily made
small community
special relationship
roughly 100
graduate schools
higher professional
main language
professional education
provided free
public university
rest attend
secondary level
state public
three systems
employed persons
fields including
full academic
geographical complexity
latter having
small number
social security
twenty degrees
full private
locations around
primary health
private health
require full
various locations
border via
both three
limited transport
line connecting
main roads
road network
roads out
runs within
stations serving
transport links
very limited
bus services
closest public
local ones
major routes
metropolitan areas
mostly run
peak travel
public airport
routes running
services cover
being studied
future airport
possible future
public aviation
railway station
digital television
every home
fixed telephone
internet services
line connecting
national telecommunications
operated exclusively
same company
technical infrastructure
country will
historic language
internet access
minimum speed
several local
three national
1962 album
defense budget
host country
little success
national holiday
usually plays
territories established
academic field
almost every
average income
every academic
greatly influenced
helps distinguish
numbers taken
statistics because
better description
defined via
one's notion
sample space
several properties
best single
given number
single number
must note
sample space
vary significantly
we consider
angle measurements
care must
data must
defined up
easily call
emergency room
frequency data
if measuring
mean value
median income
much lower
occurs frequently
summary statistics
average value
general application
moving towards
will lead
32 teams
currently contain
making up
another three
containing four
each containing
game per
originally played
recent expansion
teams originally
three others
while three
blue twice
division twice
team plays
would play
8 games
against each
competition consists
division standing
final division
game against
games assigned
operates according
prior division
remaining 8
split between
top si
way division
will face
winner will
best record
champion plays
division champions
four division
place standing
winner receiving
x teams
arrangement lasted
current total
eventually returned
expansion teams
five expansion
teams along
thus making
1996 while
different team
franchise called
officially established
sent either
team each
four representing
league created
merged league
season introduced
six stars
stars surrounding
took elements
112 pp
edition cover
educational animation
page count
events leading
leading up
released before
system implemented
1946 publication
100 best
could allow
magazine chose
number 31
problems within
shows how
dies three
people's government
th transition
three days
animals defeat
aside special
defeat him
easier lives
farm runs
himself leader
set aside
special food
trains them
animal shall
animals find
control while
every statement
farmers suggests
killing animals
making life
shall sleep
takes up
animal shall
animals win
better off
continues working
do so
drink alcohol
old wood
remain convinced
shall drink
then attacks
best medical
better care
e working
previous owner
argument breaks
breaks out
difference between
look like
out between
traditions related
animals together
communist theory
ensure elementary
keep order
prevent animals
together against
animal shall
goes upon
keeping them
kill any
shall wear
them free
while keeping
aged prize
being put
public display
against whom
although another
another translation
begins gradually
build up
false propaganda
humans against
much like
training them
using false
walk upright
driven out
mainly based
original head
very successful
dogs eventually
even claiming
make him
need extra
position similar
right hand
seem evil
small white
usually uses
white fat
will make
against him
animals actually
assassination attempt
e easily
former owner
make sure
revolt against
so much
take care
third national
very heavy
begin fighting
being finally
buy wood
later attacks
much larger
1999 film
animals can't
away years
can't produce
care her
expanded upon
final fate
husband gives
like alcohol
man hired
need because
passes away
poor care
public relations
where she
years later
another farm
eating sugar
him stating
leaves him
major theme
once mentioned
quickly leaves
whose sole
young white
always gone
asked if
dedicated friend
does nothing
ever seen
few animals
statement being
very dedicated
will go
words out
four young
going so
place beyond
so far
taken away
allow him
attitude towards
few animals
keep any
limited understanding
much later
regularly shown
show limited
yet does
being forced
cover story
down any
every day
get what
higher powers
nevertheless given
sell them
story given
taken away
then uses
uses fear
1944 subsequent
1999 film
because her
carry out
dogs later
explained how
film version
having participated
later run
out any
taught him
version she
animals became
became aware
described what
gave him
included directions
original socialist
perhaps ten
put out
strength we
struck me
ten years
we should
1976 page
alliance between
available via
books up
difficulty getting
great difficulty
initially accepted
same way
up until
battle represents
fictional battle
important episodes
allied invasion
became apparent
houses would
made out
major publishing
might argue
publication if
publishing houses
someone might
wrote back
assumed gave
initially accepted
later found
subsequently rejected
addressed generally
dominant class
large then
literary agency
man named
publication would
senior official
then wrote
allowed space
doubt give
edition allowed
kept right
offensive if
originally wrote
right out
1945 without
essay came
numbers needed
own introduction
provided space
without any
animated feature
another introduction
both differ
live action
same essay
1999 film
film shows
political reality
deleted items
books made
future we
our systems
remove books
systems so
we will
social order
theme similar
another animal
find another
agent concerning
teaching guide
forms include
living forms
whose living
modern orders
three modern
total number
became dominant
now threatened
recent decades
became restricted
could live
modern orders
now call
scientific classification
we now
what we
fresh water
large head
marine life
mostly quite
develop before
either produce
live young
long bodies
look like
produce live
same way
then skin
through then
being cold
body temperature
different species
go without
hot weather
little energy
periods without
provide body
sometimes buried
temperature above
underground chamber
without food
broad heads
commonly referred
day hidden
differences between
four similar
hidden under
under stones
while those
give birth
live underground
major gr
being able
circumstances required
dry land
enabled them
help them
if circumstances
land if
onto dry
still spent
themselves out
very si
allowed them
considerably earlier
missing link
never developed
stay out
still need
took place
currently claimed
food chain
moving up
position currently
reaching several
several meters
sometimes reaching
top land
clock study
data suggest
evidence does
extinct groups
molecular clock
recent molecular
study based
closely related
features apart
group without
includes recent
sometimes included
unique defining
varies according
without unique
analysis even
elsewhere under
extinct groups
formerly placed
groups like
include extinct
included them
large number
possibly include
them elsewhere
favor using
now considered
sister group
traditionally divided
usually considered
48 families
actual number
orders plus
recent orders
three recent
above follow
allows adult
cited above
humans while
online reference
place through
reference database
species cited
take place
while others
birds where
located behind
process controlled
structure contains
those found
typical characteristics
cell layers
cells called
change experienced
colors usually
direct control
intermediate layer
often eat
skin color
three layers
usually indicate
adult stage
almost identical
meeting point
three main
blood through
constant temperature
developed compared
find ways
heart rate
less developed
must find
processes information
help transport
nds signals
relatively short
signals through
sleep patterns
transport food
fat storage
further converted
mainly through
small role
them through
vital function
air via
consequently having
few internal
out through
oxygen entering
passed out
passes out
both low
low temperatures
must remain
skin must
small species
water increases
where oxygen
allow colour
colour vision
highly developed
just behind
less highly
lie just
low frequency
wide range
even survive
marine waters
normally unable
waters where
allowed them
any water
completely independent
need any
passing through
stage within
via direct
appear out
exhibit different
need water
place where
skin layer
still need
suitable place
them still
unique adaptation
adult form
evolved several
go through
large external
quite early
controlled cell
make use
circumstances among
formed under
longer stage
off plant
still being
already f
associated changes
days later
few days
animal leaves
continue doing
doing so
don't make
just before
land phase
much use
never covered
soil close
upon leaving
diet mostly
mostly consists
move too
small items
them off
too fast
young make
correct partner
food whole
however use
wrong species
calling mainly
each side
external vocal
fairly small
female attracted
mainly occurs
males do
much larger
near others
soft bodies
station themselves
themselves near
avoid being
make themselves
mostly black
species contain
tried eating
including population
look large
main part
make themselves
thus perceived
diseases like
80 leading
action details
comprehensive global
details what
global strategy
how much
leading experts
next 5
what would
conservation efforts
existing conservation
receiving little
statement made
top 100
unusual species
distant relative
disease driven
biology information
further west
land went
live within
per acre
residents live
several administrative
through several
went through
already introduced
before becoming
changes before
object towards
word derived
area compared
size compared
territorial waters
waters touch
areas south
combined area
defined borders
fall within
land area
largest state
next largest
officially defined
six widely
three largest
various regions
widely accepted
highest peak
large town
largest national
national forest
occurred following
road systems
roads connect
settlement occurred
systems leading
considered part
highest point
inhabited region
largest river
lives along
mostly along
population lives
portions included
remaining portions
widely known
being part
contains both
drawn west
islands make
make up
often regarded
chain extends
extends west
islands fall
same legal
just south
large region
region consisting
several areas
sources say
st perfect
three million
world's largest
complex near
federal government
ice covers
public land
southeastern border
1998 report
largest wildlife
remaining land
world's largest
created under
largest private
market starting
often remote
open market
popular due
set aside
cannot sell
high precipitation
interests own
land ownership
precipitation throughout
private interests
southern sections
area gets
areas receive
days tend
gets less
high temperature
less rain
south central
standards due
average around
considering how
far north
how far
large part
locations between
lowest temperatures
moderate considering
northern side
occur around
portions receiving
receiving less
somewhat moderate
area near
fall below
lowest recorded
often less
precipitation falls
recorded temperatures
temperatures reaching
what precipitation
high temperature
lowest high
average low
degree above
extreme north
low temperature
lowest temperature
very cold
ground almost
indigenous peoples
now well
people developed
peoples occupied
still home
traditional festival
well known
whose population
years before
known today
primarily known
researchers believe
modern researchers
researchers associate
usually assumed
crew returned
sent several
carried out
gave names
never fully
cities did
community inhabited
decade under
extremely limited
governor appointed
actual move
brought thousands
initial questions
move took
officially incorporated
organized territory
take shape
three outer
took place
against political
bases contributed
battles against
fighting major
found themselves
important cause
major battles
military bases
movement gained
population growth
program involved
significant base
themselves fighting
took possession
would soon
133 people
1968 discovery
1977 completion
destroyed several
funded large
killed 133
large coastal
officially proclaimed
powerful earthquake
several villages
thousand times
battle between
increase since
births minus
country produced
decrease due
increase since
natural increase
net migration
per square
person per
square mile
any race
made up
unemployment rate
five speak
known locally
least religious
major language
providing evidence
recent settlement
largest single
least religious
nation's least
statistics collected
legacy lives
became established
gradually became
increasing number
broke ground
cemetery opens
community broke
communities including
often share
consumption within
export product
gas industry
general goods
main export
per capita
ranking 15th
growing service
important part
keep taxes
natural resource
significant component
supporting local
taking off
vast energy
natural gas
ranks second
substantial coal
typically producing
depends heavily
economy depends
electric power
energy potential
increasingly expensive
long distances
offer wind
power potential
alone accounts
development infrastructure
domestic oil
generally significantly
largest oil
nearby petroleum
petroleum development
rural areas
significantly higher
state petroleum
vary widely
widely depending
initial principal
legislature would
mostly due
originally proposed
rare exception
recently constructed
state funds
written so
5 percent
8 percent
annual growth
capital investment
frequent calls
held up
legislature takes
never really
out each
paid out
really gained
remaining 5
state legislature
takes out
base pay
dropped somewhat
fall under
lesser extent
maintain constant
past five
under various
usually set
clubs like
companies offering
company currently
country due
did much
extremely high
free shipping
high prices
items much
limited transportation
locations covering
offering free
population centers
purchase food
relatively limited
residents come
days make
developed under
farming occurs
growing season
largely set
lie north
little farming
mostly lie
primary crops
relatively little
season limits
second term
set aside
state program
summer days
commercial activities
current agricultural
diet while
feature local
few food
fish taken
food items
held mostly
household diet
includes fish
local farmers
take advantage
while fishing
cities relatively
costs make
essential activity
fish meat
make food
native food
shipping costs
still common
traditional native
where wild
capita income
central population
connections compared
few road
population centers
principal route
relatively small
road connections
route out
small area
state through
system covers
villages begins
where per
isolated community
longest road
road system
system connecting
tunnel recently
unique feature
western part
critical infrastructure
highway system
key role
links north
passing through
providing critical
region served
shipping through
system began
tour passenger
vital role
area north
land access
mine near
natural resources
partly runs
railroad provides
region along
regular service
runs through
rural homes
still uses
track along
until construction
uses them
link between
now mainly
rail link
television series
via rail
access involve
involve travel
providing service
service between
state do
transport vehicles
10,000 people
extremely well
four large
important marine
mainly connecting
marine link
towns along
air travel
completed extensive
efficient form
limited highway
recently completed
travel remains
combination cargo
commercial flight
federal government
government through
jet service
larger communities
remaining commercial
small regional
towns within
aviation aircraft
bush flying
flights bound
flying services
general aviation
highest number
located next
mail program
offer passenger
operations originated
passenger service
per capita
popular aircraft
services using
small air
using general
villages without
where flights
best known
distance varies
dogs like
held around
modern times
official distance
transportation method
true means
commonly referred
data transport
dog race
famous 1925
largely through
major telecommunications
operates what
primary transportation
provided largely
transport systems
billion project
cable could
could benefit
large buildings
lower 48
run connect
state government
elected constitutional
independently elected
smaller buildings
state government
certain types
civil cases
court system
criminal cases
hear certain
lieutenant governor
run together
serve four
superior courts
while district
early 1970s
including those
issues related
land use
often worked
party strength
political corruption
regarding criminal
those regarding
active within
completely legal
federal law
given ownership
independence movement
law remains
le organized
legal under
one's home
rules against
under state
briefly joining
depends primarily
finance state
individual tax
just long
long enough
lowest individual
second term
state government
subsequently officially
89 municipalities
annual summary
aviation motor
certain state
directly affect
fuel transfer
highest property
include raw
income taxes
local sales
property taxes
raw fish
reports regularly
state laws
increase taxes
leading law
sales tax
area surrounding
candidate fewer
election since
every election
major party
19th consecutive
being held
consecutive term
currently being
despite recent
population relative
recent attempts
registered voters
world's se
being elected
elected governor
figure even
legislative constituency
prominent national
set aside
she became
week before
downtown onto
any borough
census areas
entire land
function somewhat
land area
per capita
populated parts
somewhat similarly
statistical analysis
34 recording
administered under
borough government
city government
intermediate borough
low population
recording districts
same acceptance
statistical purposes
100 la
city proper
per capita
separate borough
whom live
incorporated city
population figure
areas where
both within
city limits
partial funding
provides partial
school districts
state operates
within organized
month training
state ranked
three universities
training programs
high school
highest academic
law enforcement
offering partial
official organization
organization until
towns usually
various federal
rural communities
wide scope
average age
dog team
four out
high levels
highest rate
part linked
sexual assault
violent crimes
annual events
popular winter
rich heritage
winter event
established music
folk music
later immigrants
prominent orchestra
traditional music
films set
independent picture
movies filmed
professional opera
prominent movies
expedition set
film what
going so
international movie
largest amount
set out
so far
studio received
1991 film
horror feature
least partially
partially shot
abandoned bus
actually filmed
bus along
fictional town
film directed
lives among
partially filmed
remote abandoned
shows set
television shows
found throughout
official flower
same blue
information source
sites within
50 years
add commercial
commercial links
cultural resources
resources includes
external links
project area
scientific resources
collections containing
containing information
state agencies
created food
key development
life forms
species created
back thousands
certain species
dates back
farming generally
g refers
greatly different
lands suitable
caused widespread
common means
dominant system
growing support
human health
negative human
technological improvements
usually requires
agricultural products
industrial meat
major agricultural
raised concerns
similarly increased
agricultural food
foods include
global issue
increasingly global
targets agricultural
tropical fish
useful materials
water management
agricultural production
five percent
production accounts
world's workers
farmers raised
human population
key role
population working
strict sense
vast majority
agricultural techniques
family needs
increased agricultural
often called
past century
portion left
small portion
technological improvements
traditional practice
early 20th
experienced later
greatly increased
billion people
century agriculture
often credited
past century
people worldwide
20th century
21st century
against perceived
early 20th
environmental effects
feeling lay
movement towards
particularly regarding
recent years
regarding water
alternative technologies
began reform
causing higher
developments include
forces behind
higher prices
mainstream technological
major forces
phase out
several factors
technological developments
countries across
global crisis
took place
animal products
causing major
factors included
growing middle
increasing demand
middle classes
restrictions imposed
trade restrictions
agricultural land
climate change
continent might
current trends
feed just
food crisis
growth strip
if current
population growth
world's agricultural
agricultural progress
became capable
developed long
epic literature
farmers became
food beyond
major role
producing food
rarely seen
societies made
agriculture made
food production
gardens originated
inhabitants before
known form
long argued
made civilization
million inhabitants
oldest known
probably never
river banks
times along
world's oldest
agriculture occurred
earliest planned
foreign species
improved whilst
several regions
superior foreign
useful tree
dates back
developed independently
farmers went
present day
saw farming
agricultural techniques
areas brought
core agricultural
developed core
en el
great volumes
highly organized
human population
net fishing
now known
organized net
particularly along
specialized labor
techniques including
dominant society
far back
made few
several varieties
very poor
yet managed
agricultural revolution
gradually spread
human selection
important crops
include hundreds
parallel agricultural
spread across
through human
transformed through
indigenous people
minor center
common varieties
land would
smaller pieces
stayed until
tools would
wild foods
agricultural techniques
later revealed
period until
saw significant
significant improvements
thus much
became common
general change
l move
large open
open field
three field
various members
always sufficient
once thought
people under
population growth
recent studies
under normal
1921 encyclopedia
any apparent
encyclopedia shows
population could
without any
already present
black where
brown where
essential production
exchange included
filled essential
important animal
local crops
now trained
previously local
production roles
quickly filled
red indicating
several varieties
usually food
where crops
being introduced
early 19th
land unit
per land
replaced traditional
so improved
19th century
certain modern
land unit
late 19th
little question
output volumes
past 150
per land
produce per
rapid rise
scale previously
scientific foundation
century agriculture
environmental effects
human food
land worldwide
particularly because
past century
recent years
total area
worldwide increased
because policies
become associated
controlled through
food demand
increased concern
population increases
significantly affected
soil quality
agricultural practices
different areas
early examples
late 19th
production practices
rotation helps
heavy grain
available resources
production systems
soon do
vary among
even greater
if population
next phase
population density
requires even
allowing multiple
greater use
multiple annual
several crops
systems known
where e
dominant farming
environment within
move towards
past few
conventional agriculture
crops include
increased trend
trend towards
individual crops
production systems
animal products
defined based
farm products
plant ma
production systems
status issues
transport farm
upon plant
agricultural land
areas where
feed crops
grain feed
mixed systems
particularly important
returned directly
systems use
upon feed
farm allows
grain grown
leading across
organic matter
cause economic
cultural practices
populations below
would cause
cultural techniques
includes both
managed using
using cultural
farmers use
costs attributed
farm share
food costs
greater efficiency
increased level
sales compared
total effect
value addition
crops through
develop crops
likely increased
market concentration
negative implications
practices changes
1930s improved
better understanding
brought great
centuries increased
enormous effects
gave plant
includes techniques
molecular techniques
1950s produced
commercial varieties
modern commercial
20th century
around 2.5
worldwide average
due mainly
farming techniques
growth control
generally known
genetic engineering
techniques generally
agricultural scientists
being employed
create crops
creating desired
genetic engineering
various parts
causing farmers
increasing use
link widespread
potential economic
protect plants
acquired through
developments would
did so
diseases did
e believe
fewer fossil
fossil fuel
fuel derived
gained through
particularly important
primary source
requiring fewer
so through
through traditional
upon constant
while requiring
would allow
food security
genetic engineering
issues surrounding
surrounding food
address key
controversial issue
currently under
intellectual ownership
international opposition
key outstanding
patent protection
protection given
seed using
strong international
ten seed
under strong
using genetic
both developing
called land
essential heritage
exact area
forces farmers
important because
land races
traditional practice
becomes subject
commercial seed
ethnic heritage
land races
local land
practices employed
production practices
wide majority
50 years
agricultural practices
apply agricultural
double food
farmers double
government agencies
helped farmers
industry works
modern agriculture
past 50
reduced environmental
scientific research
support modern
technologies required
continue farming
enough water
farming within
high levels
how we
recognize environmental
therefore how
use critical
using current
way forward
we use
critical assessment
given rise
help provide
helps prevent
like conservation
limits fishing
make way
particular respect
prevent land
provide farmers
respect t
agriculture practices
allowing farmers
currently requires
environmental benefits
farmers provide
help farmers
increased supply
land allowing
less land
modern agriculture
potential environmental
security issues
animal production
being addressed
big food
debate food
food policy
forum where
human health
improve human
international efforts
know what
leads international
nations meet
neutral forum
political process
process because
public should
stopped reforms
true issues
where nations
would improve
defeated due
food company
large food
society through
successfully defeated
support without
upon society
2005 analysis
determined total
external costs
1992 estimate
2000 review
food consumption
neither included
review included
studies concluded
study found
total impact
water use
70 per
being placed
fewer water
growing population
increasing pressure
industry means
maintain natural
natural environmental
pressure being
supporting fish
water resources
world's growing
agricultural techniques
earned him
global challenge
key player
lay down
lives because
producing sufficient
sufficient food
world's water
largest sources
major threat
serious environmental
factor driving
key factor
now occupied
substantial way
way humans
1.5 billion
billion people
driving factor
factor behind
land management
2.5 million
increased since
remained relatively
since 1950
acre leaves
alternative argument
condition termed
per acre
affect agriculture
agriculture through
comes f
critics argue
replace good
simply replace
through changes
organic matter
countries do
culture mean
go broke
market reports
operate under
per acre
population density
sales price
under very
very different
while farmers
en su
high cost
low cost
sales price
average farming
buy thousands
countries where
en el
farming household
few hundred
legislature allows
local legislature
raw land
where local
economic studies
government agencies
include four
promote exports
agricultural output
value map
due largely
energy input
input comes
oil supplies
out faster
run out
vast majority
agriculture around
causing food
could increase
en 1950
grain production
increase costs
production increasing
raised concerns
reduce agricultural
system share
transformed agriculture
energy use
reduced energy
direct consumption
mainly oil
nation's total
natural gas
operate farm
agricultural energy
gradually declined
just agricultural
manufacture farm
nation's energy
system energy
37 countries
consumer demand
countries faced
faced food
former farm
global food
growing consumer
prices around
rising transportation
available source
becomes so
biggest fossil
currently available
food price
fossil fuel
fuel input
hydrogen source
natural gas
oil production
production becomes
amounts sufficient
become extremely
cause food
either become
extremely expensive
hydrogen use
major source
natural gas
peak oil
supply transportation
would either
conventional practices
farmers using
oil supplies
out faster
run out
those available
using modern
would require
agriculture techniques
communities might
might obtain
obtain fuel
rural communities
uses agricultural
cycle management
enough fuel
help end
just provide
might just
process would
provide enough
requiring fewer
while requiring
common goals
energy efficiency
period traditional
same period
d supply
food supply
increasingly important
agricultural sector
basic agriculture
control strategy
includes agricultural
largest producing
producing countries
agricultural revolution
rural development
rural economy
above hand
prominent members
1937 until
film stories
later part
novels including
published short
spiritual subjects
became outstanding
committed suicide
third son
well known
mother died
school named
several years
she became
then continued
until she
years until
put paid
taking up
up medicine
chemical plant
famous science
fiction novel
ordered universe
recent introduction
science fiction
short while
began writing
published novels
writing seriously
family lived
figures including
important novels
included important
mass production
met several
period included
society operating
spent much
strongly influenced
would visit
active member
included him
close friend
generally accepted
held spiritual
humans beyond
spent much
spiritual values
widely held
college appears
different director
eventually completed
put him
received screen
screen credit
characteristics familiar
dialogue above
dynamic dialogue
every third
never came
understand every
leaders will
next generation
world's leaders
later works
strongly influenced
take up
turned down
up arms
key active
things started
would deal
among early
became frequent
drug use
frequent reading
reading among
taking 100
1941 through
48 articles
continuing until
contributed 48
extensive association
through 1960
1951 through
attend social
specific points
those lectures
true quality
write articles
car along
controversy arose
disputed theories
even tried
extent still
generally disputed
growing degree
high desert
popular controversy
pure natural
read without
sight improved
then said
theories contained
tried driving
widely held
apparently reading
enabled him
partial recovery
so away
ten years
truth became
letter she
often use
quite often
would later
any part
characteristic fact
following sample
might initially
own words
subject matter
gave lectures
written request
died aged
family grave
her account
several hours
village near
agency headed
legacy continues
literary legacy
story collections
lost play
play discovered
discussion programme
science fiction
short story
story writer
people without
her brother
possibly referred
1961 film
1969 novel
both satellite
development agency
liberal political
political organization
attorney position
development aid
federal government
level management
membership body
those involved
water level
electrical power
food made
language based
minor planet
often musical
programming language
type species
commercial aviation
medical organizations
response proteins
1960 part
until 1960
baseball team
now part
place near
rock b
alternative rock
computer system
investment management
management group
server computer
storage server
marine genus
exact number
three types
65 meters
complex marine
currently strongly
diverse group
marine forms
modern sources
now considered
sources regard
traditionally included
billion years
cell division
complex forms
dating back
fossil record
nor do
record dating
wide range
carbon either
contain members
energy both
external energy
groups contain
organic carbon
so produce
ultimately derived
various structures
billion years
dated back
known reason
likely source
classification under
could mean
meant primarily
plant being
strong candidate
called either
included among
modern study
recent works
traditionally included
works usually
differ significantly
large differences
modern definitions
single circular
them due
below describes
contain circular
different among
exact nature
major groups
representing reduced
table below
three major
while others
developed through
probably developed
while those
acquired through
live primarily
probably developed
closely related
likely share
preserve protein
shape varies
considerable diversity
400 million
closely related
common origin
divisions based
earth probably
four divisions
million years
much like
probably evolved
conquered land
earliest land
forest exhibit
isolated land
land plant
million years
suggest land
three dimensional
early evolution
quite different
among several
cell walls
developed independently
even higher
higher levels
independently among
lines even
regular groups
three lines
50 m
full tissue
reach 50
complex forms
energy requirements
eventually led
found among
plants begin
point where
providing protection
usually taken
body having
found alone
almost entirely
available sugar
belong almost
between construction
condition without
immediately available
incident light
oxygen through
using incident
live close
three main
thus protected
coastal rock
could include
efficient population
less variation
phase where
sexual phase
detailed field
will require
across both
extends across
group estimates
marine species
range extends
reliable estimate
total number
any scientific
fairly well
ones mentioned
scientific basis
spread mainly
studied since
waters fresh
well studied
environmental conditions
general land
identify species
long distances
occur out
running water
therefore possible
usually possible
far south
grow mostly
overall data
scientists regard
select species
valid examples
food base
live suspended
made them
play significant
significant roles
substance derived
them useful
very high
water column
good medium
should equal
16th century
century referring
cost level
directly related
hold great
per unit
unit area
being so
much better
very much
clear tanks
important type
large scale
addition commercially
including both
national foods
high levels
west coast
acid composition
oil contains
original source
plant source
reaches up
very high
cannot get
device called
greater amounts
marine life
passed up
popular source
recent years
scientists found
agricultural fields
grew just
well using
move away
petroleum based
general characters
de la
des sciences
commonly occurring
names including
different sources
increased chance
particular variable
several groups
would result
factor levels
response variable
three classes
treatment would
variable values
various factor
would generate
both fixed
it's probably
linear model
so can't
approaches usually
groups should
confused because
particularly close
declared before
fixed effects
normally distributed
experimental unit
observed response
receiving treatment
students make
every treatment
necessary condition
often use
response variable
same effect
unit treatment
usually cannot
continuous transformation
experimental design
unit treatment
analysis results
appropriate normal
derived linear
model discussed
normal linear
test statistics
very similar
approach using
must use
normal linear
studies generally
treated very
associated sum
components related
fundamental technique
candidate because
hypothesis if
if we
natural candidate
often applied
statistical significance
total number
alternative hypothesis
association between
effect size
sample size
study design
what sample
before looking
conversion table
determined before
followed up
medium effect
often followed
significant effect
suggests effect
test various
average group
either simple
every group
group mean
groups means
independent variable
involves ordered
means where
several types
variable involves
appropriate statistical
data using
designs use
differences among
different levels
effects among
following types
least three
popular designs
relation between
should include
1918 article
each treatment
formal analysis
particular person
same subjects
using least
became widely
being included
widely known
power analysis
three treatment
de la
e de
members d
organic compounds
without any
carbon atom
constant relative
each hydrogen
hydrogen atom
linked carbon
main commercial
linked so
molecular tree
third group
tree upon
carbon atoms
three carbon
various di
carbon atoms
increases rapidly
single chain
sometimes called
atom number
carbon atom
certain importance
whole sequence
because shorter
cases where
convention includes
find compounds
important difference
organic compounds
oxygen between
properties between
sometimes indicated
still common
8 hydrogen
five carbon
four hydrogen
six hydrogen
three carbon
any terminal
distinguish them
key steps
naming conventions
carbon atoms
continuous chain
each side
group will
longest continuous
multiple side
naming rules
number each
numbers assigned
root chain
side chain
standard naming
using standard
5 carbon
atoms just
distinguish them
joined up
just like
almost certain
between pure
distinguish between
familiar usage
general term
named similar
often does
pure compounds
retained due
usually historical
forces give
give rise
van der
carbon added
each carbon
linear relationship
molecular weight
primarily determined
surface area
van der
between adjacent
greater surface
same reason
similar trend
surface area
things being
van der
because even
better put
difference between
fixed structure
less well
lower trend
organized solid
put together
requires energy
significant difference
solid structures
structures will
together solid
will require
again depending
between individual
either higher
individual water
molecular order
particularly true
water molecules
contact between
increasing number
molecular structure
remains less
upper layer
usually increases
water molecules
carbon atoms
different carbon
former result
four equivalent
arrangement described
both common
completely describe
each carbon
groups bound
structural formula
usually sufficient
while both
atom attached
carbon atoms
free rotation
given hydrogen
hydrogen atoms
looks down
rear carbon
actual structure
always being
around each
constant rotation
differ somewhat
energy between
low compared
small compared
structure will
thermal energy
usually shown
will always
atoms show
compounds contain
contain carbon
four carbon
groups show
mode gives
organic compounds
so show
atoms attached
carbon atoms
hydrogen atoms
molecular ion
relative stability
usually found
carbon atoms
meaning here
relatively low
strongly reduced
certain transition
differ significantly
different groups
groups sufficient
large role
t possible
transition metal
without any
become increasingly
carbon atoms
general equation
increasingly difficult
hydrogen atoms
important industrial
industrial route
lower values
same number
usually leads
breaks larger
greater stability
larger molecules
replaced due
then takes
where step
both highly
hydrogen transfer
process follows
although both
both reactions
giving off
off hydrogen
reactions require
require special
else find
gas planets
make up
outer gas
still small
analysis showed
lakes near
north polar
polar regions
significant source
produced primarily
commercial sources
contains primarily
dead marine
gas contains
high temperatures
important commercial
marine animals
resulted thereby
atoms occur
carbon atoms
natural gas
atmospheric content
further information
information refers
large quantities
produce large
produced ne
being released
carbon being
our current
release up
released back
against water
cause serious
possible role
rarely major
serious problems
carbon atoms
environmental factors
exact composition
less important
both plant
others like
relationship between
female sand
large quantities
numerous males
produce large
result numerous
same ratio
takes advantage
important source
little need
usually little
prepared directly
chemistry associated
determined quite
fairly low
main components
normally stored
quite well
requires both
transport them
well according
chamber without
form instead
major part
much less
without forming
approximately 35
becomes too
cannot reach
carbon atoms
cause problems
chain length
confused however
consists primarily
find use
fuel becomes
important components
little value
low temperatures
nature means
too thick
usually split
water cannot
functional groups
terminal carbon
those linear
country's oldest
even whether
higher court
historically known
including even
specific procedures
could include
grounds typically
include errors
legal rules
particular type
result might
typically could
vary greatly
appeal brought
having lost
higher court
judge found
lost part
lower court
might file
usually done
unusual cases
winning party
wrong measure
court cannot
criminal cases
good example
lower court
obtain leave
provincial court
situation either
underlying constitutional
civil matters
either party
matters either
never appeal
previous case
varies significantly
lower court
must present
names always
parties must
present grounds
same order
way up
criminal appeal
retrieved archive
same whether
between direct
factor between
former occurs
general term
higher court
matters decided
next higher
often found
take jurisdiction
administrative decision
allow appeal
certain critical
determine if
distinct forms
immediately although
legislative act
order holding
trial court
any pure
corresponding right
court decisions
generally limited
higher state
lower court
either direct
generally known
highest state
mixed systems
must usually
state court
will review
alleged claim
claim even
clearly exists
constitutional claims
courts might
even if
following standard
alleged fundamental
correct alleged
fundamental errors
might include
sentence could
trial could
exact form
exactly how
specific rules
system will
though using
vary greatly
federal court
must file
order being
set forth
specific rules
whatever form
act found
legally sound
lower court
so will
those facts
trial court
unless clearly
will typically
any part
case back
court does
does find
example would
further proceedings
proper standard
trial court
upon written
usually based
where appeal
whole decision
court finds
evidence presented
same effect
trial court
will usually
without considering
any written
court will
each party
engaged legal
example if
material evidence
normally consider
present arguments
presented through
significant reason
those cases
very significant
written decision
ask questions
brief presentation
court decisions
courts do
decisions unless
disputes once
even if
formal judicial
judges ask
legal system
lower court
minor judicial
proceedings conducted
questions based
record below
stand if
system generally
usually available
will stand
circuit court
crime having
evidence heard
having multiple
multiple level
never heard
prior trial
repeatedly held
though never
thus helping
circuit court
court does
district court
higher court
same charges
acting outside
cases where
court committed
decided issues
error would
formally object
judge rather
lower court
must prove
will apply
absence would
clear abuse
court gives
criminal cases
earlier sought
effective assistance
evidence earlier
high probability
higher court
issue suitable
law under
material difference
normally gives
reverse if
successfully argue
usually defined
wrong legal
directed further
formal notice
further proceedings
lawyer did
oral argument
sets out
traditionally starts
trial would
generally any
la justice
thus generally
appearance before
certain strict
correct solution
served upon
gradually became
legal opinion
theme proposed
commonly called
least three
reviews evidence
edited texts
primarily reviews
specific court
supreme court
unless referring
both trial
certain courts
correct errors
courts include
decisions made
trial courts
below made
both state
correct legal
direct evidence
general jurisdiction
hearing direct
limited powers
lower courts
originally brought
review decisions
usually restricted
varies widely
argument if
court will
decide whether
decisions result
must find
particularly supreme
parties before
small proportion
up before
against him
charges against
formal reading
generally include
out reasons
reasons why
setting out
trial cannot
vary among
48 hours
72 hours
asked whether
eleven stages
federal courts
go before
her right
judge until
legal charges
must take
reading out
take place
takes place
within 48
accused person
asked formally
court practice
formally how
process using
system allows
additional demands
being held
court personnel
link between
location where
problems associated
public safety
rising costs
safety organizations
alleged crime
called upon
originally wrote
including television
music combined
originally written
contained within
down upon
future contained
her trip
hotel room
initially published
poem started
quickly caught
school session
she wrote
short summer
summer school
them down
train trip
upon returning
wrote them
years later
asked fellow
best music
existing pieces
fellow passenger
generally considered
him while
immediately wrote
passenger friend
summer day
write her
100 years
her death
legal status
music would
so far
status either
various times
well established
while still
any effort
large number
often included
purple mountain
wide variety
purple mountain
sees beyond
current version
keep once
memorial services
men keep
notable current
sees beyond
state occasions
chart following
greatly following
increased greatly
reached number
commonly played
current times
live performance
song prior
traditional singing
very commonly
well known
being refused
both word
live up
noted opera
opening day
opera singer
refused use
third verse
sees beyond
students honor
original third
points out
term similar
third verse
verse written
recordings available
sheet music
free sheet
changing methods
formerly unable
great difficulty
greater independence
sometimes controversial
aid parents
device comes
power chair
someone else
typical user
variations where
impossible due
large powered
often need
powered small
around six
chair uses
reach items
uses highly
being put
contact center
example would
input devices
particular sort
people stay
senior people
stay independent
systems being
use electronic
affect patients
arm supports
computer program
dominant way
ensure correct
experiment performed
help prevent
largest problems
data helped
different arm
engineering concepts
engineers develop
helped engineers
machine like
simply trying
tried different
different letters
produce different
will help
enhanced standard
five big
make them
right side
standard computer
them easier
alternative devices
contrast colors
help find
high contrast
special software
developing reading
medical equipment
people developing
reading skills
style controls
unique style
any medical
benefit included
better quality
cases certain
medical equipment
serious visual
wide range
access technology
computer use
directly onto
displayed onto
easier reading
electronic text
general computer
holds printed
near vertical
placed under
printed material
use access
vertical position
widely taken
allow audio
function together
optical character
printed document
speech software
together without
move up
placed below
printed word
same way
text move
alternative communication
extremely diverse
printed word
read via
user using
uses number
using eye
even result
great diversity
language grew
manual sign
sign language
wide variety
account specific
aid both
both spoken
cover varying
permanent addition
replace speech
varying degrees
access method
family beliefs
great use
large variety
makes great
method will
specific access
speed up
interesting life
placed under
users generally
control trial
emerging evidence
scope exists
trial evidence
based program
behaviour using
community based
help if
if something
play therapy
system designed
take medicine
talks people
therapy system
through daily
child becomes
daily living
every aspect
giving them
information easier
process visual
processing area
technology claims
them information
various types
visual information
we use
both home
daily use
event will
important information
information regarding
numerous ways
organization skills
particular event
present visual
schedule will
scheduled events
transition through
visual schedule
will increase
eight children
emotional recognition
participants improved
results indicated
terminal device
voice emotional
cover upper
device requires
four large
large categories
upper body
arms read
body powered
procedure moves
remaining arm
surgery called
around better
large majority
reasons including
upper arm
wind up
device currently
features moving
sent through
through remaining
using electrical
average person
between 8
contains various
device should
important feature
person takes
pick up
should feel
alternative communication
communication intervention
complex communication
speech production
supporting children
systematic review
achieve independence
alternative communication
employment opportunities
powerful partnership
supported employment
annual meeting
emerging way
special needs
individual differences
distributed equipment
older people
practical handbook
12th century
centuries before
century until
competition between
often constructed
still widely
stones moved
use centuries
written modern
5th edition
dates before
draw figures
exact shape
device proved
proved difficult
scholars point
around 600
countries around
found ancient
scholars concentrated
5 groups
5th century
archaeological evidence
board discovered
discovered so
earliest archaeological
equally divided
lines equally
parallel lines
saw use
again divided
another group
cross where
eleven parallel
horizontal line
limited use
normal method
single vertical
t horizontal
wide space
1st century
archaeological evidence
became widely
board covered
containing up
eight long
having either
once again
shown here
thin layer
very useful
2nd century
down towards
earliest known
known written
move them
moving them
number represented
them up
you move
don't count
horizontal axis
starting position
very efficient
you count
4 plus
5 plus
allowing use
both ultimately
clearly seen
currently schools
direct connection
famous long
relationship between
schools teaching
students how
teaching students
trade relationship
allowing them
already finding
direct contact
model run
possible source
probably introduced
provided direct
appeared circa
became widespread
empty column
still common
today even
even faster
faster mental
sources mention
complete meaning
small similar
students dedicated
basic number
between natural
close relation
corresponding account
left part
made up
main parts
parts separated
right side
up 91
found diverse
modern computer
round off
them made
1961 found
another base
carried out
found very
hand 0
like advanced
out using
very old
working principle
based using
different fields
each wire
place values
researchers found
sequence would
within any
would keep
different colour
each wire
markets throughout
schools until
thousands wire
1924 did
around 1820
elementary mathematical
lose popularity
mass production
mathematical concepts
replaced them
significantly reduce
since 1924
16th century
any applied
fallen out
often seen
shown here
still often
vertical frame
each wire
mathematical functions
numbers without
placed behind
represent numbers
same value
still commonly
users feel
blind students
complete mathematical
division problems
gives blind
important learning
knowledge required
learning tool
long division
mathematical skills
often taught
public schools
state schools
still very
very often
blind people
device consists
explain how
how computers
number machine
people find
shows how
three separate
tool throughout
useful tool
very useful
bases like
common definitions
concentrated weak
three examples
any compound
reason why
chemical reactions
fundamental chemical
reactions common
always equal
free hydrogen
molecules exist
often write
pure water
small number
acid because
easily describe
following reactions
independently recognized
quite limited
reactions involve
second example
theories easily
acid because
both definitions
described using
different conditions
following reactions
reaction does
several different
under several
where water
electron pair
following reactions
form solid
includes reactions
reaction hydrogen
reactions do
second reaction
acid because
electron pair
gives up
second reaction
space between
theory because
using either
bond become
charged species
otherwise specified
oxygen atom
pairs differ
unless otherwise
ch case
products divided
reaction scheme
scheme could
classical naming
named according
often quoted
possible values
simply added
stronger acid
just hydrogen
made up
strong acid
key factors
often discussed
water each
weak acid
common example
shown below
solid strongly
mainly indicates
per acid
term mainly
typically greater
differ since
each hydrogen
hydrogen ion
just called
lose three
subsequent loss
usually just
values will
will differ
above equations
given either
equivalent number
reaction between
should result
similar acid
bases form
high enough
rise above
strong acid
system rise
weak base
numerous uses
bringing down
foods like
important part
our body
play very
very important
acid present
breaking down
complex food
down large
very large
central carbon
genetic code
hydrogen atom
important molecules
made up
carbon atoms
naturally occurring
net neutral
neutral charge
typically around
another group
contain long
made up
net charge
primarily made
significant role
animals release
breaks down
changing energy
critical role
down stored
energy demands
ms produce
rapidly breaks
molecules because
organic weak
will exist
allowing them
charged form
corresponding compounds
thus able
will exist
even though
beginning chemistry
chemistry volume
except where
primary use
both natural
including production
main uses
manufactured forms
mean both
sometimes uses
although small
material obtained
retrieved archive
small volumes
various sources
description ha
manufactured products
naturally occurring
sometimes referred
joining together
later adopted
make firm
seems likely
significant fact
subsequently sh
term derives
thus seems
together various
verb meaning
we find
where we
word passed
earlier word
passing via
same root
extremely heavy
geological term
preferred geological
composed primarily
continuous phase
separate individual
stated although
writer stated
almost impossible
chemical structure
different molecules
good preservation
material produced
provide good
several heavy
another term
available product
confusion include
roads led
succeeded town
any locations
before shipping
better separation
further processing
temperatures around
typically stored
uses either
usually under
agent before
burial deep
hot engine
lake where
often called
thereby reduce
detailed studies
organic matter
reportedly constructed
archaeological recovery
became quite
cover objects
hard upon
molecular weight
quite hard
said hot
comes occasionally
described production
known battle
surface through
upon wells
being found
early use
forming level
large quantities
likely t
became widely
o cross
de la
different sections
each page
earliest uses
particular section
section appears
never fully
picture ever
print millions
then exposed
thus making
ultimately proved
being just
earlier uses
famous example
tone resulted
fifth edition
county en
having seen
previously employed
company previously
previously formed
volumes 43
natural state
being laid
distinguished list
steps leading
floor area
large floor
latter themselves
various types
applications being
being denied
patent applications
search field
similar numbers
various claims
being manufactured
company called
electronic page
former being
manufactured through
materials manufactured
following roads
roads where
volumes 43
above underlying
naturally occurring
peoples collected
subsequent attempt
substantial amount
surface above
underlying petroleum
early 20th
following similar
make them
often set
round shell
similar trends
commonly composed
largest use
removed each
report issued
aircraft landing
building industry
include cattle
much lower
technologies allow
uses include
usually around
contain up
main types
road surface
seal involves
typically less
wide variety
area larger
color much
currently under
feed stock
petroleum production
prime feed
provide sound
supply companies
under development
weather resistance
world's supply
although recent
become highly
increases since
per day
price increases
recent technological
total amount
activist groups
become increasingly
derived primarily
increasingly concerned
recent years
waste material
years due
1964 ed
background color
default 200px
text color
alt text
default 200px
international standards
agencies founded
annual operating
carry out
engineering societies
five engineering
operating budget
operations office
originally formed
out product
people use
requirements defined
same definitions
standards developing
three government
five founding
founding engineering
annual budget
develop electrical
national standards
permanent secretary
itself does
organizations meet
specific standards
clear how
consensus standards
draft standards
interested parties
making clear
market acceptance
products while
public review
same consensus
those products
while making
entire technical
five standards
major international
national standards
regional standards
taken forward
technical positions
current need
joint initiative
originally defined
standards relevant
additional codes
bit code
code standard
previously created
represent characters
seven bit
very similar
impact resistance
original standard
programming language
resistance rating
specific impact
standard implementation
bodies will
made available
powerful search
search tools
services agreement
technical bodies
between international
bodies seeking
defined under
device standards
efficient trade
international markets
medical device
online resource
program meets
requirements defined
trade between
additional countries
currently features
features content
regions planned
site currently
process requirements
complex number
data provided
functions inside
give evidence
polar angle
spoken presentation
alternative band
court case
important arguments
legal reasons
reasons why
sixth studio
studio album
03 h
31 m
36 m
d 03
h 36
large photo
lunar surface
m 40
n lunar
crew consisted
third lunar
31 minutes
brought back
hours 31
nation should
returning him
parallel training
required surgery
support crew
what would
later join
lunar landing
early mission
later decided
public affairs
space vehicle
1865 novel
crew decided
looked too
lunar landing
officials said
worked toward
borders around
design provided
few years
gold borders
lunar orbit
ten years
39 site
entered orbit
second stage
combined spacecraft
minutes later
pair separated
passed behind
spacecraft onto
third stage
crew saw
landing site
major landing
part because
passing views
present major
relatively flat
saw passing
4 seconds
before him
computer engineer
land miles
miles west
seconds early
surface 4
would land
actually due
hardware design
process data
radar switch
seen previously
software engineer
switch being
again looked
area just
could cause
depending upon
emergency landing
forth between
just north
system could
upon how
called out
calling out
e western
later found
less fuel
low fuel
navigation data
originally planned
out altitude
planned landing
western part
call sign
copy you
immediately said
post landing
remained silent
we copy
ask every
every person
few hours
give thanks
half hours
her own
past few
1970 edition
activities while
crew reading
religious activities
still fighting
then took
event each
mission called
gave them
heart rates
highest heart
landing site
rates recorded
required longer
site through
kept him
left foot
camera viewed
significantly reducing
special monitor
600 million
least 600
magnetic tape
million people
original slow
source transmission
white images
famous line
small step
brought back
emergency required
half hours
lunar soil
sample using
seven minutes
soil sample
cable remained
engineering test
engineers would
remained partly
so engineers
them using
then mounted
change inside
clear view
fine soil
joined him
movements six
perhaps easier
preferred method
problems maintaining
serious problems
seven steps
shadow produced
temperature change
tested methods
them through
call ever
ever made
historic phone
integrated thermal
long speech
lunar landing
outer part
phone call
speech prepared
up gray
activities took
generally lower
moving rapidly
remained generally
rock samples
sample collection
samples using
should slow
surface activities
then collected
took longer
device called
flat cable
lunar surface
memorial items
stands next
surface material
main engine
moving within
settled down
would arm
behind scientific
half hours
left behind
looked up
lunar samples
scientific instruments
seven hours
still remains
73 countries
countries around
disk carries
left behind
present top
traditional symbol
flag fall
items included
long enough
looked up
up long
gravity field
lunar orbit
missions usually
reports mentioned
still likely
complicated piece
equipment will
every piece
night before
put us
television broadcast
within months
built our
flight lies
past several
give special
made possible
possible until
special thanks
staff member
we give
would like
40 years
before dawn
just before
returned home
several minutes
above attached
any lunar
bringing back
lunar surface
official transmission
remove any
sea anchor
took great
brief physical
gave each
physical check
practice would
trip back
would begin
brought alongside
moved next
might contain
publicly revealed
recently passed
them du
83 nations
almost three
clean bill
few weeks
three weeks
foreign countries
nations would
prominent leaders
spoke before
would honor
days before
eventually caused
flight plan
important role
launched just
lunar soil
mission along
parallel missions
surface before
exact mission
landing site
later discovered
descent stages
exhibition hall
flight vehicles
landing sites
main hall
sufficient resolution
display prior
five engines
found below
photo gallery
release restored
surface through
team plans
40 years
mission audio
original mission
set up
anniversary events
carried out
come close
events reflected
greatest technical
space heroes
technical achievement
civilian award
ground voice
highest civilian
powered descent
voice recordings
before setting
camp out
control film
film shot
mission control
moon landing
setting foot
steps onto
surface before
landing site
looking back
lunar surface
space exploration
5 third
third stage
descent stage
spacecraft continues
spent outside
third stage
aircraft carrier
artificial objects
craft until
moved away
hand interviews
dollar coin
half dollar
station recordings
third stage
thousand years
landing mission
lunar landing
important parts
landing sites
lunar landing
maps showing
showing routes
containing video
00 m
03 h
6 d
before reaching
d 03
launch includes
spacecraft mass
travel beyond
leaving them
lunar orbital
mission profile
orbital flight
ten times
three months
thus placing
took three
yet ready
era missions
pilot position
successful mission
third pilot
unique among
commander subsequently
didn't include
even if
experienced member
flight didn't
subsequently flying
control teams
flight directors
mission control
required surgery
specific spacecraft
control teams
crew members
each led
support crew
figure 8
initial design
mission number
red figure
crew would
graphic design
launch vehicle
production model
vehicle using
fell behind
landing before
lunar landing
months before
ready until
three months
track despite
being erected
mission flight
net result
test lunar
citing both
eventually approved
every senior
officially changed
press releases
senior manager
still referred
40 days
days before
mission until
orbit mission
three weeks
would use
actual hour
case communication
crew entered
every actual
given training
1969 landing
landing goal
loop around
now living
fuel needed
historic lunar
look back
lunar launch
night before
flight carrying
flights proved
including severe
major problems
mission until
second stage
several major
stage engine
suffered several
test flight
third stage
until additional
primary concern
task force
avoid similar
down engine
equal importance
failed within
frequency similar
fuel line
hydrogen fuel
investigation revealed
liquid hydrogen
oxygen due
quickly determined
researchers concluded
same problem
spacecraft itself
system using
team modified
three engines
fuel lines
mission using
modified fuel
teams tested
5 through
day before
days before
different sets
including various
lines took
lunar m
three days
took place
various levels
44 minutes
initial orbit
orbital velocity
seconds spent
slightly less
third stage
would begin
circular orbit
gravity would
lunar orbit
orbital period
point where
standard lunar
would capture
8 achieved
launch phase
maximum distance
phase experienced
second stage
remained attached
rocket stages
second stage
stages fired
third stage
three rocket
proper working
third stage
three fellow
working order
would put
could view
crew continued
given official
humans could
moved away
official permission
spent stage
too close
crew perform
engine bell
hour behind
lose sight
remaining fuel
spacecraft towards
subsequently went
then pass
would then
actual radiation
average human
each crew
extend up
high speed
human receives
n orbital
orbital period
pass through
passing through
speed would
transmitted data
would cause
actual navigation
communication loss
could successfully
crew member
ever taken
image ever
main job
member serving
successfully return
angle between
behind flight
distribution across
ensure even
even heat
flight plan
heat distribution
large cloud
long axis
moving away
now placed
once per
per hour
plan due
shadow would
spacecraft formed
task proved
temperatures could
every half
got larger
half hour
long periods
make minor
pattern got
period would
periods unless
short period
spacecraft actually
any issues
causing lower
constant radio
expected fuel
later planned
lines causing
make up
member should
could tape
eventually fell
initially decided
spacecraft full
tape voice
voice recordings
want everyone
conference using
control room
floor control
identical control
medical personnel
now believe
participants decided
personnel held
second floor
adaptation syndrome
greater freedom
previous spacecraft
crew taken
orbit around
taken while
television broadcast
working order
any bright
bright source
completely abandoned
could show
crew could
image became
made showing
planned sleep
receiving stations
short while
show how
source without
spacecraft took
almost impossible
factors made
five windows
gone behind
second television
television broadcast
transmission describing
up due
do so
historic moment
ideal orientation
little interest
second engine
so until
would continue
best bird
bird we
closest distance
crew burned
event before
far side
major event
now pass
spacecraft down
would pass
crew began
every switch
finally got
made sure
radio contact
spacecraft went
went behind
correct amount
crew described
ended up
four minutes
lasted exactly
longest four
lunar orbit
making sure
orbit around
too long
would orbit
appear early
looks like
lunar surface
planned length
surface looked
went without
would appear
contrast between
does back
doesn't stand
it's got
like hit
much contrast
seven different
stand out
well here
700 photographs
bottom half
every second
frame every
future landing
landing sites
lunar near
planned future
set up
spacecraft windows
spent much
taken 700
crew set
decision before
keep check
passed behind
return early
second pass
set up
small prayer
came out
crew told
fourth pass
large black
pass across
radio back
spacecraft came
told him
famous color
generally visible
hundred photos
places near
selected places
ask questions
assumed control
crew members
fellow crew
flight plan
members make
photographs while
plan regarding
set up
slightly above
spacecraft so
take photographs
understand questions
each man
lunar surface
man giving
people expected
second television
take automatic
television broadcast
would avoid
sum up
we close
far side
little hope
occurred exactly
task left
voice contact
crew realized
day 4
journey back
measuring unit
relative position
same relative
spacecraft began
various stars
view various
figure out
once again
similar manual
turned off
calculated everything
fifth television
finished broad
showing how
spacecraft would
subsequent interviews
alone until
even years
leave alone
real turkey
same kind
small present
124 hours
best video
computer would
e crew
four minute
short four
transmission showed
video images
would control
computer broke
crew saw
formed around
outer atmosphere
rising above
spacecraft started
thin outer
would take
briefly like
minutes later
rose briefly
six minutes
stone before
three main
landed before
saw political
seen much
influenced events
magazine chose
orbit another
actually behind
came around
famous aspects
fourth orbit
whilst actually
historic significance
historically significant
media since
widely covered
54 countries
being broadcast
coverage being
highest honor
honor give
ninth orbit
people alive
space sciences
caused controversy
later caused
public prayer
flight around
religion throughout
now displayed
personal items
historic mission
public display
both documentary
mission including
motion pictures
pictures taken
set containing
various television
8 mission
89 documentary
well covered
actual control
leading up
program leading
space program
whole earth
crew member
person trained
professional space
sometimes applied
civilian space
trained exclusively
whose citizens
space travel
travel above
24 did
did so
either lunar
having reached
retrieved archive
traveled beyond
9 hours
professional space
early use
formal use
known use
modern sense
older term
short story
term derives
word itself
any crew
crew member
scientific community
similarly us
spacecraft bound
subsequent founding
those selected
further discussion
texts issued
while texts
media organizations
news media
growing global
space launch
years before
distinguish those
sent people
those space
describe participants
word describing
almost three
making him
second person
allowed people
began taking
larger number
nine days
seats available
spending nine
taking international
years old
longest stay
oldest person
record held
thus far
went around
exact definition
any country's
armed forces
country's armed
suffered severe
although neither
engineering training
jet test
military jet
often cited
go through
including training
initially limited
often test
aircraft called
experience short
flight hours
mostly done
nickname given
short periods
1,000 hours
distant visual
hours flying
least 1,000
passed since
strict physical
test pilot
12th grade
advanced degree
height must
least three
procedure will
professional experience
related professional
three years
through 12th
under final
she trained
being conducted
cover professional
high school
large scale
medical studies
now being
potentially treat
remote experts
rural care
scale medical
space via
trained physician
treat hundreds
where access
candidate training
military status
often accompanied
practice established
status receive
training receive
upon completion
pure oxygen
water recovery
among space
couples among
died while
g training
married couples
memorial includes
military space
space programs
while training
commonly referred
essay written
argument throughout
financial benefits
possible preparation
preparation styles
uses methods
among followers
child well
engineering popular
equally serve
greatest examples
popular among
shock value
social engineering
value derives
widely held
will equally
essay follows
nor would
often do
reader notes
therefore very
very proper
would readers
acting any
any longer
differ even
eat up
except what
longer like
love our
man talk
nation without
nor household
our whole
own growth
promote foreign
sell our
up our
using neither
very moment
we differ
whole nation
could now
ever yet
exact upon
fair proposal
led people
main target
man talk
nor could
put them
resolution could
though often
upon us
will ever
would immediately
early 18th
labor issues
people perceived
poor through
way people
any proposal
prove any
specific strategy
statistical analysis
takes care
approach towards
cool approach
much less
speaker uses
them create
towards them
using language
approved order
consider just
contrast between
control against
conventional man
easily turn
just what
price per
serious tone
speaker uses
would allow
against early
attack against
largely influenced
men will
points out
same central
saw major
will attempt
being lower
between both
points out
same command
apparent economic
being carried
carried out
distinguish between
failed proposal
gap between
must learn
serious economic
18th century
because high
earlier day
enough critics
focus directly
general faith
industrial age
meant workers
too young
workers low
18th century
always mean
greater wealth
mean greater
political way
way makes
global literature
itself well
literature programs
modern western
natural rights
piece included
relevant piece
contains hundreds
letters written
major concern
private letters
technique against
1996 film
her own
letter protests
monthly opinion
ny humans
opinion paper
people occurring
having poor
horror film
roots back
child per
same shock
shock value
single child
those readers
stored under
cut easily
very similar
air due
group lies
normally considered
best example
metals provide
next member
atomic clock
chemical properties
large influence
metal due
pure elements
accurate representation
common application
family show
mineral oil
noble gas
show patterns
very efficient
electron configuration
established due
five members
never found
properties here
usually stored
well established
water even
respective periods
thus should
water except
almost always
always lose
full shell
losing just
atomic properties
key physical
number given
partially based
question marks
table below
true due
number prior
actual value
conventional value
value listed
any stable
element does
early 20th
metals except
naturally occurring
thus occur
very long
discovered yet
makes up
naturally occurring
thus natural
moving down
show increasing
teaching career
then claimed
moving down
box ranges
each electron
going down
increase going
metals increase
increase down
increases down
much smaller
net charge
electron shell
fewer electron
resulting atom
strongly towards
different source
energy required
held electron
source gives
effective nuclear
held electron
increases down
metals always
outer electron
same effective
box ranges
main groups
outer electron
second period
thus increasing
experimental data
bond between
effective nuclear
electron pair
nuclear charge
slightly higher
so close
before because
closer effective
electron pair
nuclear charge
strongly attracted
almost certainly
elements give
give off
if enough
would almost
break completely
environmental pressure
eventually break
pressure surrounding
because metal
bond becomes
further away
going down
held together
increased nuclear
metals indicate
move further
nuclear charge
relevant fact
size going
certain volume
electron per
factor depends
normally considered
per neutral
relevant factors
usually placed
atomic properties
atoms per
being considered
gas consisting
hydrogen exists
pure hydrogen
placed above
primarily due
sometimes placed
additional electron
does become
extremely high
much higher
sometimes considered
those found
often considered
similar properties
very similar
stored under
immediately following
placed just
sometimes considered
table shows
years immediately
current position
now considered
possibly display
space below
called because
so called
element while
historical information
then working
compounds similar
element formed
formed compounds
unknown material
known partly
metal inside
since ancient
soldiers along
sometimes given
changes produced
chemical changes
general nature
isolated until
similar method
very similar
different substance
experimental evidence
fundamental difference
led him
obtained experimental
since ancient
chemical composition
ct chemical
did include
changes produced
chemical changes
general nature
newly invented
similar substance
bright red
meaning dark
red lines
suggest finding
ali metal
least four
activity might
again out
chemical properties
decay energy
element being
emerged again
level below
unknown element
alpha decay
later revised
next element
she later
test put
then attempted
certain due
any atoms
create any
difficult task
enough target
extremely difficult
future through
large enough
lower period
period 8
reaction will
sufficient amounts
associate strongly
common elements
forming relatively
occur naturally
pure form
remain close
so associate
surface because
therefore remain
parts per
per million
relatively low
makes up
ordinary salt
quantities dissolved
up approximately
vast quantities
alpha decay
commonly known
element chemistry
much less
occurs naturally
extremely short
given sample
difficult due
isolated through
occasionally produced
often produced
found extensively
method similar
now produced
occurs mostly
common method
largest producers
main source
produced through
production called
several years
limited applications
mineral rich
100,000 atoms
any given
main method
small quantities
any given
naturally occurring
nuclear reaction
produced naturally
greatest quantity
nuclear reaction
reaction given
50 years
efficient light
including use
light compared
produce very
very efficient
compound being
important element
very strong
atomic clock
accurate data
atomic energy
information regarding
provided accurate
relatively simple
weak interaction
biological systems
occur naturally
biological information
known biological
slightly lower
principal source
minimum amount
biological information
turn causes
balance between
biological information
charged particles
particles causes
secondary structural
body functions
comparison between
known biological
molecular dynamics
potential created
produce electrical
biological information
body causing
biological information
large amounts
major chemical
organ changes
alternative cancer
court told
greatest quantity
people will
will ever
standard set
character represents
each character
general principle
letters represent
modified form
true alphabet
common being
originally meant
turn originated
additional letters
alphabet started
formed using
languages use
letters formed
modified forms
use modified
19th century
15th century
characters representing
early writings
exact nature
including three
letter appearances
nature remains
remains open
signs including
considered proper
distinguished namely
eventually developed
gave rise
lack characters
mentioned above
oldest text
parent script
sister script
dual function
function since
limited number
simple enough
writing systems
16th century
87 symbols
changed them
giving rise
including 5
recorded words
represent sounds
same way
symbols including
took letters
write down
eventually became
gave rise
spread across
evolved out
gave rise
mostly restricted
notable script
19th century
again became
contemporary writing
initial script
letters th
official writing
once again
writing system
cell phone
considered true
writing systems
always takes
individual letters
it's still
later establishment
look like
matter how
mixed script
places individual
same way
still widely
takes up
developed out
each possible
entire final
input method
mainstream writing
possible final
ways similar
complete alphabet
individual sounds
larger units
scholars distinguish
three differ
earliest known
known alphabet
systematic graphic
wider sense
boundaries between
combination would
dedicated letters
graphic base
since each
three types
traditions use
arrangement made
based closely
could argue
effectively making
full letters
linear arrangement
longer systematic
making them
original source
determined primarily
eventually became
further classification
heavy functional
names do
though names
yet exist
actually consists
common tone
even fewer
fewer later
five long
separate letters
small alphabet
sometimes claimed
twelve letters
whether letters
another script
contains 32
distinct letter
each word
instead each
language contains
remaining graphic
small because
twelve letters
each letter
either count
largest known
must represent
narrow sense
represent both
sense include
special letters
true alphabet
where each
24 if
although languages
contain 50
detailed description
different conventions
distinct symbols
languages using
modified letters
often come
simple count
systems typically
typically contain
would require
additional letters
distinct letters
longer letters
order so
between words
considered separate
separate single
words starting
inserted between
unknown whether
word like
would further
arranged according
historical order
minor changes
order later
preserved today
unique order
each letter
given names
instead referred
later abandoned
system similar
varying degrees
come close
correspondence between
generally comes
language often
map letters
much larger
normally achieved
providing rules
speaker could
while others
will generally
word given
writer could
between letters
correspondence between
different letters
even within
language varies
six different
varies greatly
change according
distinct sets
individual words
languages generally
surrounding words
use different
various rules
between letters
closest match
correspondence between
international language
languages like
match being
regular spelling
spelling system
three languages
very regular
wide variations
word corresponding
actually consistent
between spelling
correspondence between
fair degree
given letter
heavy use
lack much
much correspondence
partly because
spelling itself
words simply
contemporary spoken
entire writing
higher failure
large number
original spelling
rather small
simple spelling
small universal
word forms
written language
ancient writing
therefore identical
atomic number
average atomic
elements exist
hence different
naturally occurring
occurring elements
roughly equal
same mass
small compared
total number
usually very
very small
conventional symbol
e conventional
modern practice
observed chemical
own rule
central core
chemical properties
core held
later several
nearly identical
never entirely
table position
approximately equal
central charge
experimental situation
formally suggested
positive charge
proved eventually
single element
situation improved
van den
would thus
atoms fit
seeing if
targets inside
atomic number
chemical properties
conventional symbol
does closely
number does
specific set
atomic number
becomes shorter
chemical properties
described using
given atomic
heavy elements
ion elements
primary factor
target atoms
using atomic
usually described
certain numbers
closely related
general term
taking place
cell biology
common roots
developing understanding
distinction between
gross anatomy
strictly made
through common
20th century
century including
complex techniques
surface anatomy
techniques developed
brain injury
human head
including gross
old edition
scientific study
basic medical
learn gross
medical students
practical experience
students generally
studying anatomy
through practical
modern teaching
retrieved archive
systems format
working knowledge
medical schools
often involved
parts named
digital library
could account
factors could
false even
sometimes called
sufficient condition
any number
argument form
same form
sometimes seem
against gun
believes would
providing evidence
says nothing
support gun
then against
uncle does
feature films
films include
seven feature
widely regarded
being typically
family returned
father left
she worked
where she
already spoke
attended classes
dropped out
family lived
high school
music school
research expedition
successful student
annual film
era offered
offered unique
research expedition
same class
unique opportunities
young film
become influential
influential film
later become
necessary condition
short fi
student short
true experience
would later
assistant director
found much
important influence
initially showed
later published
same film
shared ideas
short story
then decided
15th century
completion due
feature film
film became
immediately released
different versions
film several
living together
officially released
production assistant
together since
authorities due
class c
consecutive titles
meant severe
third class
being accused
category films
film outside
going abroad
main role
serious effects
point where
script based
them until
18th century
heart attack
leaving out
out several
project approved
several scenes
became apparent
career outside
extended trip
financial support
prize called
return because
special prize
start shooting
support provided
ultimately decided
began treatment
finally allowed
musical direction
press conference
would never
attend due
strength left
cancer could
controversy emerged
early 1990s
evidence includes
film near
hypothesis includes
includes several
prevent what
same type
sound designer
very same
mainly known
radio production
seven feature
short films
then directed
three short
wrote several
being involved
classes taught
screenplay without
without being
awards won
finally recognized
several times
shortly before
entire issue
film magazine
highest state
1988 documentary
consists mostly
film director
heavily influenced
television documentary
subsequent film
considerable freedom
every character
fellow student
film director
how every
own film
society opened
something special
students considerable
expressed interest
film historian
mean nothing
nothing beyond
ten favorite
told film
any films
contain any
early silent
famous exception
favorite directors
list does
relatively recent
saw film
strongly opposed
between man
low acting
people passing
relation between
running water
water accompanied
est la
film frequently
great power
press release
long takes
our experience
religious icon
take our
unique characteristic
using long
would focus
cast doubt
color film
conducted shortly
contemporary films
interview conducted
like moving
moving paintings
notice colors
otherwise being
sequences while
too beautiful
while otherwise
close collaboration
single long
visual style
actors through
direct actors
documentary film
even direct
film directed
frequently look
look through
double check
please double
de la
en scene
do you
exactly like
right three
whose head
any interpretation
desired level
form any
phrase contains
same piece
whatever should
26 times
actually spoke
could say
mean you
often makes
people would
provide sufficient
several distinct
someone says
sufficient information
think you
you actually
appropriate meaning
automatically associate
closely related
could include
express closely
gain support
ic methods
intended meaning
politician whose
powerful tool
specific intended
task referred
term should
words requires
assigned different
because different
could mean
same string
various ways
could do
larger argument
meaning based
possible interpretation
whose definitions
wide possible
any number
choice between
closely related
finite number
former represents
latter represents
might say
oral agreements
politician might
will think
written documents
believes will
generally seen
much greater
positive statement
reduce possible
speaker uses
those taxes
every instance
relation between
underlying background
let us
our fundamental
therefore try
us therefore
we do
where she
certain what
continental philosophers
draw our
ethics must
historical events
must draw
our life
philosophers suggest
we must
latter type
notable effect
poetry often
whole object
any potentially
found between
how people
increasing amount
indicate situations
primary mechanism
factors like
great leaders
sexual practices
smaller variety
certain images
different ways
interpreted simultaneously
just where
big natural
both spoken
contain much
diverse sources
language improvement
objects remain
phenomenon called
related languages
remain stable
sources contain
visual image
another notation
function should
notation requires
still do
common practice
often appear
second argument
should replace
allow use
argument equal
each case
languages try
requires square
function without
means product
reader should
appear inside
increase number
inside square
journals use
method allows
powerful method
publications without
reference number
scientific journals
very powerful
without considering
writer either
convention means
fixed number
mean either
should mean
would commonly
becomes even
certain value
easy lead
especially if
physical quantities
quantities do
sometimes even
state if
electric circuit
input voltage
means close
medium should
optical circuit
output voltage
system should
term should
give rise
kind give
person using
leaves open
open what
even if
expression requires
force students
if function
argument contains
contain symbols
second function
general public
regular character
1977 concept
1988 album
2005 release
concept album
electronic band
heavy metal
metal band
pop band
rock band
show written
video game
association footballer
baseball player
bass player
brand based
image processing
interactive software
l artist
software environment
television personality
academic journal
living species
closely related
closest living
despite sharing
living relatives
recent representative
sole recent
surviving genus
usually considered
variable species
animals form
front feet
intermediate between
rear feet
very thick
primary protection
structures supporting
typically between
usually between
arrangement before
distinctive characteristics
fall out
held together
major modern
modified form
available food
almost exclusively
considerable home
home range
pick up
powerful front
takes up
extremely hard
home range
moves fairly
otherwise moves
temporary sites
animals like
behind itself
off behind
often remain
six months
smaller animals
then inhabited
tunnel off
turn around
will seal
young share
hunting dogs
thick skin
will strike
girls without
pass through
those seeking
through walls
visit young
young girls
animated television
children produced
main character
television series
winning animated
good photos
entry includes
hunt large
same family
single night
surviving species
always consists
come out
diet nearly
formerly placed
land covered
nearly always
open land
usually classified
50 cm
between nine
black vertical
front feet
looks somewhat
somewhat like
very small
dry plains
little impact
normally lose
rear end
regions where
shared territories
six weeks
specific food
territories consisting
will normally
being capable
continuous supply
despite being
special care
species does
take special
use existing
usually use
will often
generally achieve
kill larger
males will
necessary because
normally takes
occasionally small
own territory
takes place
varies depending
will search
conflict between
dominant neighboring
eight weeks
four months
less dominant
mother until
negative impact
often result
population due
same den
will often
existing buildings
material made
offer significant
oldest existing
widely damaged
although often
eighth century
introduced them
often substantial
people built
several thousand
substantial amounts
de la
either pronunciation
little change
made between
relatively little
sometimes made
wide use
architecture popular
clay mixed
composition typically
early 18th
organic material
soil composition
typically c
construction site
half sand
roughly half
same advantage
against rain
ancient cultures
any shape
nearly any
partially due
preferred partially
protect against
same mixture
40 percent
60 percent
almost completely
fine clay
flat surface
general testing
matter will
organic matter
percent sand
so until
soil content
then allowed
various particles
very fine
100 million
ever made
high thermal
hot days
largest structure
levels out
long input
massive walls
million signed
relatively long
significant heat
structure ever
suffered serious
surrounding air
thermal properties
transfer through
walls typical
warm through
ground should
hours due
increase heat
inside temperature
several hours
significantly greater
temperature through
then continue
transfer heat
very effective
wall will
warm wall
wide daily
will then
world's largest
commonly 24
depth depends
frame house
horizontal bearing
house because
load bearing
low structural
much larger
never rise
placing window
rise above
stories because
usually never
walls usually
whole length
air dry
available organic
close cousin
constructed using
laid across
months before
providing longer
several months
support structure
then formed
thick wall
would then
air dry
even load
find use
mass amounts
native climate
prevent major
spread across
would find
laid across
metal should
often laid
preferred choice
protection enough
slightly larger
temperature throughout
thermal protection
walls using
wider shape
years depending
climate does
does produce
each individual
extra need
g each
greatly influence
inch thick
make certain
seasons where
similar fashion
strength between
building made
famous building
house under
under construction
contemporary issues
mass walls
proper maintenance
strong enough
structure strong
system called
thermal mass
wall construction
website whose
whose focus
building techniques
creative living
education through
experienced experts
living close
natural building
organization recognized
techniques throughout
theme park
through hands
unique contribution
audio pronunciation
international fame
record northern
won international
any enterprise
create psychological
experiences create
major life
adventure becomes
popular feature
similar underlying
widespread stories
dependent territories
shaped like
metropolitan areas
located primarily
surface area
total surface
world's largest
accepted di
commonly accepted
defined according
definitions presented
population nearly
similar definitions
dating back
diverse regions
latter occupied
vision between
western portion
distinction between
historical ties
original distinction
very widely
widely among
15th century
became established
border between
boundary between
canal between
considerable variation
introduced considerable
western border
would form
allowed freedom
armed resistance
conduct geographical
five years
major geographical
rival claims
century various
chief factor
different geographic
made until
next century
what islands
any number
concept causing
general inherited
inherited geographical
present boundaries
agencies across
d fields
need them
news media
organization dedicated
overall geographic
regional divisions
termed just
major eastern
physical separation
separation between
substantial physical
large number
make up
modern languages
recorded na
single continuous
unknown ultimate
various forms
authors translated
earliest evidence
much less
continental use
earliest surviving
rich uses
three women's
whose works
why three
women's names
everyone else
having read
places received
poetry along
received female
well why
why places
among whom
every place
poets detailed
agents although
including if
unknown agents
female names
included hundreds
names formed
script called
subsequently assisted
usually came
women held
foreign women
likely connected
refers both
region known
distinction between
etymology proposed
similar etymology
could reach
developing around
earliest known
expansion out
interior mass
them developing
world's earliest
areas remained
could cross
defend against
do little
including much
kept separated
military aspect
mostly kept
remained very
urban city
area extending
enough open
found themselves
having part
often found
68 percent
fourth largest
late 1990s
office locations
second largest
top 5
world's fourth
annual growth
average annual
growth rate
high growth
largest economy
recent very
very high
world's largest
any single
largest economy
late twentieth
mid 19th
net material
second largest
several decades
single nation
twentieth century
world's second
currency reached
developed country
e late
economy nearly
exchange rate
four regions
largest economy
late 1980s
received developed
record high
already higher
largest economy
developed being
developing countries
largest continent
making significant
relatively developed
take advantage
becoming major
competitive information
extremely competitive
four main
increased use
information technology
large pool
main financial
net worth
potential cited
slightly below
continued moving
people mainly
any region
capita income
list due
millions out
past 40
per capita
second highest
1970 mainly
40 years
attend primary
countries lead
development progress
every five
five children
high human
highest among
lead development
lowest amongst
mainly due
now attend
ranked highest
since 1970
600 languages
800 languages
another school
broken sky
include elements
large spectrum
literally fixed
philosophical character
sky through
traditions cover
whereas another
communities exist
small communities
though small
world's largest
holy water
particularly occurred
alongside significant
great following
significant communities
amongst overseas
exact religious
found mainly
religious statistics
small communities
thus exact
cultural topics
exact religious
general cultural
notable impact
religious statistics
thus exact
struggle under
any kind
fundamental human
human rights
kind while
r fundamental
while residing
winners include
allows poor
back money
community development
development bank
especially women
four people
pay back
specified period
typically pay
dependent territories
metropolitan areas
group referred
census purposes
citizens share
dry climate
earliest known
escape attacks
helped tourism
land area
lies outside
whose citizens
another 300
culture remained
houses built
remained closer
wooden cross
200 freedom
administration since
freedom fighters
government regulations
governor appointed
initially under
special mission
briefly visited
separate status
deputy prime
five main
place within
politics take
prime minister
take place
four countries
general conditions
made up
members elected
popular vote
three countries
autonomous state
does receive
receive support
relations between
state within
autonomous state
full autonomous
member representing
never accept
parliamentary member
second class
separate status
shall never
state under
agreement within
committee appointed
finally reached
national flag
official agreement
participants voted
set 1981
would occur
begin again
complete independence
full independence
largely due
later proclaimed
legal system
nations like
officially became
political support
educational system
en van
enforcement agency
jurisdiction lies
law enforcement
legal jurisdiction
operates district
5 universities
68 schools
college preparation
masters pr
national education
program includes
strong primary
teachers college
choose study
higher education
island itself
natural bridge
students choose
widely known
best known
island features
left largely
once formed
sometimes called
southwest part
varies little
record high
y constant
precipitation inch
record low
completely autonomous
despite expansion
dominant industry
earned through
highest standards
low unemployment
map export
oil processing
per capita
region including
separate completely
government each
high inflation
main trading
trading partners
business reduced
changed several
deep southern
exchange rate
financial help
further reduce
gradually reduced
income taxes
inhabitants given
island each
recent years
revenue taxes
several tax
southern part
tax laws
while income
135 years
clearly indicate
control 135
immigration t
lesser extent
substantial immigration
took control
help control
higher paid
immigration laws
possibly attracted
three years
island give
dollars worth
nearby islands
typical music
historical connections
important part
island culture
now starts
official languages
recently increased
since 2003
big difference
common languages
equivalent spelling
even per
fairly similar
high school
historical importance
increased interest
languages spoken
official statement
oldest government
oriented towards
per island
similar among
spoken based
state